2 RINOS: The establishment anti-sovereignty, pro-illegal invasion and anti-American enemy in power, of which John McCain and Paul Ryan represent two of the most vile members, oppose America. They are in opposition to the sovereignty guaranteed in our Constitution and commit treason by working with the  globalists who intend and are striving to eliminate our independent nation, placing us beneath a world government of the UN. That is treason and they should face a jury, but for now they can be held accountable by the voters. William Gheen of ALIPAC, Americans for Legal Immigration PAC, has a plan to do just that.He sent an email out yesterday detailing his plans which also available on their website. Gheen wrote:Americans for Legal Immigration PAC (ALIPAC) has launched an unprecedented strategy today to remove John McCain and Paul Ryan from office Nov. 8 in reaction to both men’s support for Comprehensive Immigration Reform Amnesty for illegals and their efforts to elect Hillary Clinton by undermining the campaign of Donald Trump.“If Republicans like McCain and Ryan are going to act like and help Democrats, why not elect Democrats and try for better Republicans next time?” asked William Gheen of ALIPAC. “If we elect Kirkpatrick and Solen in the place of Ryan and McCain, those pro-amnesty Democrats will be far less powerful and less influential than pro-amnesty McCain and Ryan are serving in the majority party!”ALIPAC has endorsed Donald Trump because of his promise to enforce America’s existing immigration and border laws as the Constitution and American public demand. ALIPAC is fighting to defeat Hillary Clinton, and other Democrats, because they want to turn tens of millions of illegal aliens into Democrat voters dependent upon the state for their housing, food, childcare, education, healthcare, etc…ALIPAC is endorsing Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.) vs. John McCain and Democrat Ryan Solen vs. Paul Ryan in the hopes of removing them from power before they do more to help dangerous illegal aliens and Muslim refugees enter America.Ryan Solen recently told media publications that he is already receiving donations from Republican Donald Trump supporters now that Paul Ryan is trying to pull the rug on Trump to help Hillary Clinton. (Republicans deserting Paul Ryan, Democratic opponent claims)ALIPAC believes that if Republicans want to see Paul Ryan and John McCain removed from office, their only choice is to hold their nose and vote Democrat in these two races.“We did our best to remove these treasonous politicians McCain and Ryan in the GOP primary, but we could not compete with the incumbent’s vast amount of wealth and advantages in the corporate social and broadcast media,” says William Gheen, President of Americans for Legal Immigration PAC. “Therefore we are taking the unprecedented step of asking GOP voters to vote for their Democrat challengers only in Wisconsin’s 1st district and Arizona. We oppose all other Democrats because they all support open borders and amnesty for illegals, but we must remove McCain and Ryan because both will oppose Trump’s immigration enforcement efforts or back Hillary Clinton’s amnesty efforts! This bold new strategy will allow a small group of Republicans that know the deal to rid America of these corrupt politicians and these two seats will not shift the balance of power to the Democrats in the Senate and House!”Americans for Legal Immigration PAC was founded on 9/11 of 2004 in honor of the victims of 9/11. Since that time the organization has played a key role in defeating amnesty legislation in Washington DC in 2006, 2007, 2010, 2013, and 2014. ALIPAC has also led the charge to defeat state legislation that would have provided licenses and in-state tuition for illegal aliens in 25 states!The organization is currently endorsing 50 incumbent Republicans that share the organization’s opposition to illegal immigration, open borders, and amnesty. (Click to view List)That list rises to 52 endorsements as of today with the addition of Democrats Ann Kirkpatrick and Ryan Solen.ALIPAC will be launching online ads and radio commercials into these races to help sway Republicans to vote Democrat against McCain and Ryan.It’s not like either of these guys votes the way any of us would if we were in office. They vote against us, with the Democrat line of thinking. It’s like we’ve got two Democrats facing off in each race, if they lose we lose a seat but gain power and show them that we’re serious about their abuse of their position and their authority. Besides, aren’t you pretty much sick of both of these traitors?Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.