It’s been a whirlwind few days of bombshells and videos that have to be seen to be believed.  The level of corruption and collusion exposed by both the Wikileaks releases of John Podesta’s emails, and the Project Vertias undercover videos of Democratic operatives charged with carrying out voter fraud and election rigging is astounding.  Word now comes that one of the people caught on tape, Robert Creamer, founder of Democracy Partners, one of the entities inciting violence, voter fraud, and more, visited the White House 340 times in the Obama years, with 45 meetings where Barack Obama was present.At the time of this writing, Creamer has decided to “step back” from participating in Democracy Partners activities.  Current Democratic National Committee Chairperson Donna Brazile claims that Creamer and his people were but bit players in the campaign process.  Creamer’s own words, and James O’Keefe’s investigative reporting with Project Veritas refutes that.In one hidden camera video, filmed at Creamer’s Washington, D.C. office, Creamer explains that Hillary Clinton is aware of “all” of his activities, directly or indirectly, and that Democracy Partners has a daily conference call with the Clinton campaign, as well as frequent calls with the White House.According to the White House visitor logs, Creamer actually met with Barack Obama privately twice, in 2011 and 2013.  What was discussed in those sessions is anyone’s guess.Creamer is the second of the Democratic operatives to be removed from campaign activities since the Project Veritas videos were released.  The first was Scott Foval.  He was fired from Americans United for Change on Tuesday after his appearance in the video, and his stated admiration for Creamer, and his diabolical ideas.  Foval described the efforts as being “black hat.”Statements published by Democracy Partners and the DNC discuss well-funded smear campaigns similar to the Watergate effort that eventually brought down the presidency of Richard Nixon who was accused of doing far less than Hillary Clinton is known to have done in the felony department.BREAKING News: Bob Creamer, top @HillaryClinton campaign advisor, "STEPS DOWN" after today's video. Here is part of his statement.. pic.twitter.com/oH4VEVQS5c— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 18, 2016