Finally the suspense is over. Ae Dil Hai Mushkil will release on 28th after a deal was brokered in a high profile meet attended by Karan Johar and Raj Thackeray. Not satisfied with assurances that no actor from neighboring country will be hired in future considering the mood of the nation, the pre-condition set by MNS was that the producers will have to pay a ‘penance’ cost to the Army welfare fund for casting Pakistan actors. The producers agreed to this after doing their Math. The amount of free publicity that they had garnered due to the ongoing tussle meant they had saved enough to donate. Wonder if the army men are happy with this forced goodwill gesture from both sides!Buoyed by their victory of sorts, MNS has gone ahead and released a series of pre-conditions to people who want to live and conduct business in Maharashtra in future.1) Every film maker making a film with only Indian actors would get a ‘reward’ compensation irrespective of the fate of the film at box office collected from film makers who have ever made a film with any Pakistani in their lives.2) Every business man who exports goods and services to Pakistan will have to either shut down business immediately even if it means loss of livelihood or pay ‘patriotism’ cost to stay safe in the state.3) Anyone from other states entering Maharashtra would first have to pay a ‘penance’ cost for being born outside Maharashtra if they wished to earn their living there.4) Everyone who has had any Pakistani link ever in the past but doesn’t have it any more will have to pay a onetime ‘repentance’ cost to ensure his well being in the country. Going further, MNS has launched a lucrative scheme which says that all people who have still not revealed their Pakistani association (via chat, FB, old friendship, etc) are allowed a 10 day ‘Voluntary Disclosure of Association Scheme’. They too can pay the repentance cost and secure their future against random attacks by MNS.5) All people living in the cities and town falling in Maharashtra where MNS representative is not elected in the next elections will have to pay a ‘my mistake’ cost each time some important work of general public good is undertaken in the constituency. This will safeguard them against vandalism and protect against the loss of public property in their area.*The amount for each violation will depend on the stakes involved.Hearing this, the D-company has threatened filing a case in International Court of Underworld Justice against MNS. Issuing a statement from Karachi, their spokesperson argued that they hold the patent for protection money with their pioneering work in ‘hafta vasooli’.