Donald Trump is now the President Elect.If you haven’t seen lately, the Liberal Media wants to take Donald Trump down after these comments on Muslims… Click here to read more about what he said about Muslims coming to America in amazing detail.1. PROOF: Donald Trump was right about Muslims Celebrating 9/11 in New York2. WATCH: DICK CHENEY Defend Islam Against Donald Trump…3. SEE: Donald Trump Take Sexy News Host Katy Tur apart…But, the lesser-known daughter Tiffany Trump has managed to stay out of the spotlight. She’s been popping up to support her father, though.She is very active on Instagram, though. So, lets get to know her since she will become a fiery part of the first family. (H/T People.com, all pics from pinionstage.com)  From People:Tiffany attends her father’s alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania, where she is double majoring in sociology (with a concentration in law) and urban studies. “She’s got all A’s at Penn, so we’re proud of her,” Donald told PEOPLE in December 2014. Tiffany also landed a coveted internship at Vogue – with a little help from her sister. She “even got to have lunch with Anna Wintour,” Ivanka told the Daily Mail in 2013.  “I love music,” a 17-year-old Tiffany told Oprah Winfrey on Where Are They Now?. “It’s always been very dear to me. It’s a big passion. It’s more of a hobby right now, but we’ll see in a couple of years if I want to take it to the next level as a professional.”She has a single out called “like a Bird”   From People: In her Oprah interview, she described dad Donald as being “the center” of New York City. But her “fondest memory with him isn’t work related,” she told PEOPLE. “It’s probably the fact that my mom was a very healthy person, so my dad used to sneak me Almond Joys all the time. I don’t know if that’s a good or a bad thing, but I really enjoyed it back in the day. If I was ever craving a chocolate bar, I was like, ‘I’m going to go see Dad.'” She has been spotted with friends in New York City. She has rich friends like Harry and Peter Brandt. She is also friends with Andrew Warren, the son of a New York real estate investor. Tiffany Trump is also friends with EJ Johnson, the son of Magic Johnson. 