America Trump supporters have allowed a false narrative to creep into the election and take on the acceptance, stature and significance of a fact. It’s a dangerous argument that has fundamentally weakened our position and our candidate. That argument is one heard far and wide, that this race has two deeply flawed candidates. Americans need to listen to what they’re saying, analyze and recognize it for the nonsensical political babble that it is.It’s a half truth. There is one highly flawed person in the two person race, a criminal that has sold out her nation and continues to do so even during the heat of the battle for the presidency. There is one habitual liar who has admitted that she has a public position and a private position on even the most important issues, who serves at the pleasure the globalists who finance not only her campaign but every other aspect her miserable, corrupt existence, doing their bidding in destroying the United States in every manner imaginable.There is one candidate who does not give a damn about the Constitution, our bill of rights, our sovereignty or the rule of law. She is on the record as having stating her willingness and desire to flood this nation with foreigners of every description, legalizing all those who have violated our immigration laws within the first one hundred days and drastically increasing the number of Islamic terrorists that she allows into the United States. She will do so while endangering the lives of innocent Americans in the process, as a paid harlot of the America-haters, with no idea or concern of the type of individual she is bringing in or how many Americans will die as a result. The Marxist agenda and her fascist cronies will be served, not the American people.That is the terribly flawed candidate, Hillary Clinton. A criminal, a lifelong Marxist who has a history of intimate association with the communist party, a pathological liar who hates America, who will accelerate the Obama agenda of fundamental transformation to the point America is completely unrecognizable.Contrasted against that defective subhuman mongrel we are fortunate to have chosen an America-loving patriot as her opponent, Donald Trump. He’s a man who doesn’t lie to us and is criticized by the deceivers for his honesty and straight talk. He’s a man who is fighting a battle that no other candidate in the history of this nation has had to fight. Trump stands alone against the fascists, the globalists, the establishment, the academics, the Marxists, the foreigners, the terrorist sympathizers, the profiteers, the faux environmentalists, the Democrats, the social program parasites, the media whores and every other group that feeds off of the destruction and pillaging of the United States.We have a rare man in Donald Trump who has the strength of character and the will to stand up to this onslaught. He’s a man running for the right reasons, in service to his country and his fellow American, running for its survival in the face of tremendous odds. Trump is giving of himself and sacrificing himself so that his children and ours might have a future in the land that we all love, recognizing that it is in real peril and if this election is lost to the globalists so is this nation.Mr. Trump suffers personal ridicule and character assassination on our behalf that would cause lesser men to throw up their hands and walk away. He’s getting minimal support from the familiar establishment Judases who claim to be on his side, those who adorn themselves with a false mantle of conservatism as a means of deception. They are faces and names that are familiar, the traitors to this nation and the GOP, mouse-men like Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Mitt Romney and any Bush.A lesser man would have given up by now, and God knows we’ve got a federal government full of lesser-thans of that caliber for reference. Yet Donald Trump goes on, doggedly, unshakable in his determination to do what is right for this nation, to be the man that saves America at its most vulnerable moment.We are fortunate to have an exceptional candidate in Donald Trump; the best and only man who could and would truly represent us rather than merely provide lip service as he slides the knife into our backs. We cannot survive more of that establishment type of turncoat that now fills Congress, the executive branch and the judiciary. They are the familiar serpents that cannot be trusted and who cannot tell the truth, who have brought our nation to the brink of destruction; the type of evil personified by Hillary Clinton. This is not an election with two flawed candidates. This is an election with the worst of all candidates, one of the worst subhumans ever to draw a breath, facing off against a man of the caliber of a founding father, another Washington, Jefferson, Jackson or Reagan. We need to stop accepting the false proclamations of the lying media, stop allowing them to define the race in terms that suit their efforts to hide their candidate’s many flaws and our candidate’s extreme greatness.Donald Trump is the best of all candidates. He defeated 16 others who were all better choices than the woman he faces now. He is precisely the man America needs and we Americans need to become vocal in making that desperate need and our unwavering support known to everyone. We must recognize our good fortune and understand that the perfect candidate for the times is still not going to be a perfect man. There is no such thing. Finding the perfect leader to rescue us and our nation from certain destruction is all we can or should ask. The presidency is the toughest job in government. While Trump isn’t perfect, he’s close. As they say, close enough for government work. And much closer than anyone who’s been in there in decades.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.