Arnab Goswami’s security personnel made an explosive start to their duty to protect the popular journalist as they took down one of the ‘The Newshour’ panellists, fearing a provocation from the loud participant.A part of the Y category security cover to the journalist, the guard who leaped on the panellist was on alert mode from the start of the prime-time show. Hiding right behind Arnab, the guard anticipated something would happen when the noisy panellist started yelling at the host.“Mr. Kulkarni, please don’t yell at me! I can hear you…you’re sitting right next to me,” Arnab tried to pacify the panellist.That was the first warning sign for Arnab’s personal security guard.“Mr. Kulkarni, please don’t shout. I said, I am coming to you…”“No, I am coming to you!” the security personnel behind Arnab cut him short before pouncing on the panellist.As the noisy panellist was taken down by the feisty bodyguard, Arnab admonished him, “Please don’t behave this way with my guests. If you have a point to make, please get miked up.”The security personnel didn’t stop there. There was another errant participant who tried to bully Arnab during the show using provocative language.The Newshour host rebuked the panellist, asking him not to misbehave. But the participant wouldn’t budge.“Remove the mike and leave the show now!” Arnab, losing his temper, finally told the participant.Sensing that the multiple reprimands didn’t work on the panellist, the guard again swung into action, this time scooping the participant in his arms and escorting him out of the show.Following the anchor like a shadow, 24×7, the security personnel have been on their toes from day one of their duty.One day, hearing a lot of yelling from Arnab’s changing room, one of the personnel barged in, breaking the door.Arnab, the lone person in the room, threw his hands up, “Hey dude, relax! I am just practising my lines for tonight’s show.”It’s been observed that many panellists now prefer to attend Arnab’s show via video conferencing from their homes than visiting the studio as they fear they might be subjected to not just verbal assaults from the anchor, but also physical attacks by his guards in case they slip up.(Originally published on Right to Laughter)