It’s the story that only Fox News seems to be covering with any sort of intensity.  Marc Turi, a licensed arms dealer who created the scheme to arm Libyan rebels around UN sanctions in 2011, was set up to take the fall for the Benghazi disaster as well as the end result of the arming of the Libyan Transitional Government – those weapons ended up in Syria, among other places – and the Obama Administration ultimately let him go.  Why?  Because his testimony, and the classified statements of CIA personnel put the blame for all of it squarely on the shoulders of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. The Obama Administration dropped the charges against Turi to protect her.Dizzy yet?  Hang on.The story begins in 2011 when Libyian officials started to defect from Mouamar Gaddaffi’s regime.  In order for the U.S. to arm the rebels, weapons had to go through other countries.  In this case, specifically, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates were used as the conduits.  According to Turi, the Clinton State Department used the plan, “Operation Zero Footprint”, but not him.  Instead, Mrs. Clinton used her own people to do the gun running.  And that, Turi claims, is how the weapons escaped and ended up in the hands of entities related to the Muslim Brotherhood.  (Conservative Treehouse has a long explanation of how it all went down.)As of early 2012, the Clinton State Department did have an effort underway to find and buy back the weapons, but by then the genie was out of the bottle and U.S. military forces were seeing weapons made in America shooting at them.In February of 2012 Asst. Secretary of State Andrew Shapiro admitted the State Department had been attempting to relocate and buy-back those weapons since August of 2011. However, on September 11th 2012, while those efforts were still ongoing, the attacks in Benghazi against the U.S. State Department Ambassador Chris Stevens took place, and four Americans were killed.Two years later, the Obama Department of Justice charged Marc Turi, the architect of the plan that was taken from him and then failed, with “non-registered weapons shipments.”  He was set up to take the fall.Turi’s defense was that the weapons were unregistered because the State Department and the CIA needed covert cover. Elements within the CIA confirmed the basic outline for Turi’s assertion.In 2015 Turi provided Fox News with documents and email exchanges he had with high-level members of Congress as well as military, and State Department employees to back up his claim that the Obama administration authorized in 2011, at the height of the Arab Spring, a covert weapons program that spun out of control.Marc Turi’s legal defense team said if the DOJ was going to prosecute him for the arms shipments, his defense would necessarily reveal how Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was actually the driver of the entire program.And that is why Marc Turi is now walking free despite being ruined by the Obama Administration.  His story is the one that the Special Committee on Benghazi is looking for for background on why Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other men died in Benghazi, Libya in September 11, 2012.  His gun running program was being directed by Hillary Clinton and her people.The DOJ tried to claim “national security” issues and keep the aspects relating to the U.S. State Department and Secretary Clinton under wraps during the pre-trial motions. However, a federal judge ruled a few days ago the defense was allowed to use the documented evidence Turi possessed to defend himself.The case was slated to begin trial on November 8th, the same day as the U.S. presidential election.As a direct consequence of that ruling, the DOJ announced last week they were dropping all the charges.And yet only Fox News is carrying the story, the one that answers so many questions, and ties up a lot of loose ends in the Hillary Clinton scandal machine.  At least as it pertains to Benghazi.