Bill Clinton isn’t finished insulting the Americans who support Donald Trump, Hillary labeled us a basket of deplorable’s, whom she went on to declare to be unredeemable. We’re looked down upon by the criminal elites who believe they are better than us because we aren’t are too backwards to be willing to pillage our nation as a means to achieving wealth. We’re not willing to sell out our children’s future and our fellow citizens’ present in the interest of obtaining high dollar foreign bribes or simply just reckless endangerment through insufficient or nonexistent security measures. We’re deplorable.Hillary Clinton demeaned us as being on whole a collection of “racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, and Islamaphobic” Neanderthals. They were comments that Mr. Trump labeled as showing “her true contempt for everyday Americans.”But her husband, Bill Clinton the rapist, has plenty of contempt of his own for the patriotic Americans standing between them and eight more years of unbridled plunder. His “howdy, aw shucks, golly, this is gonna hurt you more than it hurts me” shtick is growing a little tiresome and has lost any effect at diffusing or defecting away from his Bubba the Rapist President persona. Clinton tells us he’s just a good old country boy from rural Arkansas who happens to like having sex with unwilling partners. Everybody needs a hobby. We can’t hold it against him nor should we fault his wife for intimidating, harassing and threatening his victims into silence. That’s just the Clintons being the Clintons, after all.His three accusers at the debate helped focus attention on the crimes of the former president. Likewise the rash of protesters shouting “Bill Clinton is a Rapist” at their notoriously low turnout events where the speaker is easily distracted has contributed to the discussion, in spite of the mainstream propagandists’ best efforts to cover it up.Good old Biting Bill, who bloodied Juanita Broaddrick’s lip by biting on it excessively in the excitement of the rape, had a few more words to say in expressing his hatred for the patriots of America obstructing his path to riches. He knows who they are, and it’s nobody. They’re not like him, he rose above them and became important, but he still remembers what the Trump supporters are like from growing up in their “wretchedness.”He told his small audience, as if he were the candidate and not his wife, “Look man, the other guy’s base is what I grew up in. You know I’m basically your standard redneck.” Clinton is wrong, either deliberately or by mistake. He may have been able to claim that moral high ground of being a redneck of good character, one of the honest country folks of America at a point in his life. But it was long ago. The “rednecks” are good people who have nothing in common with the Clintons.His attempts to include himself or equate themselves with American rednecks is exceedingly offensive. It’s far worse than being described by the words deplorable, unredeemable, racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, or Islamaphobic. Being compared to a Clinton, as in being labeled a Democrat or like Obama, is the worst type of insult that one person can direct towards a patriot. Predator Bill probably knows that.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.