Excerpts from the Clinton Chronicles highlights the drug abuse and its use as a tool for the manipulation of people, particularly young girls, many underage, by Bill Clinton and his inner circle.Doc DeLaughter, a former Arkansas Police Investigator, describes the case against Dan Lasater. There was heavy drug use and other offenses related to their criminal activity, which included extensive sexual activity with young girls. Cocaine was used to obtain sexual favors and in conducting business.Former Clinton insider Larry Nichols describes Dan Lasater as Bill’s best friend, who went to prison with his brother Roger, and gave cocaine away in order to influence and manipulate people. Nichols describes Lasater as having a “huge pile” of cocaine in his office, “ashtray upon ashtray” full of cocaine at parties, which they gave to young girls.Nichols says, “That sick, they were giving a highly addictive drug to young girls.”DeLaughter recalls one girl who was a 14-year-old cheerleader out of North Little Rock, AR. She was sent to a physician friend of Clinton’s for birth control pills at that age. He indicates that they used cocaine to manipulate the girl and that she ended up losing her virginity. He said the last he heard of the young woman she was working at Lake Tahoe as a prostitute.This is the kind of “man” Bill Clinton is, but we’ll never hear about it on mainstream media. Bill Clinton is a rapist, as they say, with increasing frequency at the small, intimate gatherings he frequents today, what they like to pretend are campaign rallies, minus any rallying. A truth that isn’t reported is still the truth. What has been suppressed for many years is finally starting to find its way out. Let’s hope it’s in time to finish these degenerates politically for good.  Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.