It may not have been the October Surprise Julian Assange was promising, or even James O’Keefe for that matter, but when James Comey announced on Friday that the FBI was looking into additional Hillary Clinton emails found during a completely different investigation, all hell broke loose on the American political landscape.There is no comprehensive timeline as yet in this whole episode of the Foggy Bottom Theater of Scandal, BUT a few juicy tidbits have trickled out.D.C. Whispers is reporting that Comey did not inform anyone in the administration of his decision to inform Congress that he was looking into the emails found in the “unrelated investigation,” which we all now know is the former Congressman Anthony Weiner’s underage sex case.Rumors are now circulating that FBI Director James Comey has gone rogue. His decision to inform members of Congress (both Democrats and Republicans) that new and potentially critical evidence has surfaced related to the months-ago concluded Hillary Clinton illegal server/private email scandal, has sent ripples of stunned shock throughout the entirety of the Obama administration, and left the Clinton campaign bracing for what could be stunning pre-Election Day fallout.As of now, the still-developing story goes something like this:Comey recently learned of new information linked to the infamous FBI Hillary Clinton investigation concluded last summer. He acted quickly to inform leading members of Congress on what he found, telling Attorney General Loretta Lynch he felt “compelled” to do so. That act was in direct violation of Lynch’s wishes that no such public revelation be forthcoming prior to the presidential election.In fact, some are suggesting Lynch had already promised both President Obama, and Hillary Clinton, that the Comey decision would not be made public before Election Day.And then it was – leaving Obama, Lynch, and Clinton furious.As it happens, Judicial Watch actually knew for some time that Huma Abedin had been forwarding emails to her personal email address on Yahoo for years.  What they did not know, was where they would be found: on Weiner’s notebook computer.  And here’s the kicker…THERE’S TENS OF THOUSANDS OF THEM. from Zero Hedge:It remains to be seen just what is in the emails, although whether Hillary sent emails with confidential content herself, or directed, or simply allowed her closest aide, Huma Abedin to forward such emails to her outside unsecured email address (where they subsequently ended up on Anthony Weiner’s notebook), is what this latest case will be all about and how it will be defended and prosecuted in the media, by the water coolers and perhaps, in court.However, we do know one thing: according to the NYT, the number of Huma emails that made their way to Weiner’s PC was staggering:The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the tens of thousands.Sundance over at Conservative Treehouse is reporting the same information in addition to the fact that it was the New York Police Department that first found this stash of emails. They turned them over to the FBI field office in New York.Why Abedin would do this is a matter for speculation at this point – and the comment galleries on Reddit, Free Republic, and elsewhere are all speculating away. (The most popular theory is that the emails were a form of life insurance.)  The end result, though, is that Huma Abedin is not with the Clinton Campaign for president on their current trip.  From Red State Watcher:Huma Abedin has VOIDED her immunity deal with the FBI. This means she has to sing or face jail time. Hillary Clinton no longer wants her around. According to reporters on Hillary’s campaign, Abedin is no longer sitting near the front cabin on her plane to Florida. She’s no where to be found this morning.One of the emails in the Podesta cache indicated that Huma was the “institutional knowledge” of Hillary’s public service.  If that is the case, she could make a star witness for anyone investigating the crime syndicate since the voiding of her immunity deal was more in the way of lying about her actions under oath.  A new one can always be issued.The big question now, is what is in those tens of thousands of emails? Are they some of the ones that were wiped with BleachBit?  Are there any about Chelsea’s wedding or yoga? Did any come from the White House? What level of classification does the intelligence have?