 The liberal media, CNN, MSNBC has hammered the nation to focus on Donald Trump’s dirty words so Hillary looks like the “American Angel” chosen to lead our country.  But the bombshell about to be dropped about the Clintons won’t be able to be ignored.  This video could be the end of Hillary’s presidential race forever!Turns out that Hillary and Bill Clinton have much more disgusting and immoral acts on their own plate.  The lapdogs in the press won’t let you know about these sick stories performed by the Clintons, but fate has revealed a new light that shined upon their past and exposed Bills acts equal to a XXX movie.  It’s just around the corner for the world to see. If the press thinks that Trump’s video was sexist and immoral, wait until they see this new “October Surprise”! The hacking group Anonymous  has XXX tapes of Bill Clinton’s escapades with the known “Billionaire Pedophile”  Jeffery Epstein. They’re arriving any minute.Many Americans found out how Bill Clinton has been tied to pedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein after Bill racked up miles flying on the registered sex offender’s infamous jet, dubbed the “Lolita Express,”Former President Bill Clinton took at least 26 trips aboard Epstein’s jet, even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights, according to The Gateway Pundit.“Epstein was said to have recruited young sex slaves to entertain many high profile men on his private Caribbean island, which became known as “Orgy Island.” Although he was only convicted of one count of soliciting prostitution from a minor, he was  accused of recruiting dozens of underage girls into a sex-slave network and buying their silence. His dirty dealings came to light in 2005, and since the reclusive billionaire was friends with Prince Andrew, former President Bill Clinton, and Stephen Hawking, the world came to quickly know his name and his darkest secrets”, Anonymous recalls. The about to be exposed video from hackers are making allegations that, if proven true, will dissolve Hillary Clinton’s campaign and the entire presidential race into further chaos like we’ve never seen.The hacking group claims they have video evidence of Bill Clinton raping a 13-year-old girl while at Jeffrey Epstein’s “Orgy Island. In their video, Anonymous details Bill’s alleged rape of the minor, stating Hillary was aware of the crime and worked to cover it up and promising to a video substantiating their claims will be released to the public in the near future.The Clintons must be held accountable and charged for their dirty crimes.  Hillary for her cyber crimes, lies, betrayal to our nation and  Bill for his rapes along with his perverted pleasures as a pedophile while being President of the United States of America.