When the Democrats were looking for a candidate to run with the criminal Hillary Clinton, they put out an announcement that that they were looking for a Veep. Tim Kaine thought they said Creep, so he applied. Ultimately he got the job based on his entire package, as hard as that is to understand.Kaine is asked about comments demeaning the Catholic Faith by the Clinton Communications Director, something that he’s perfectly fine with. It’s not like they had insulted a “real religion,” right Tim, like Islam? You Democrats would be twisting each other’s panties into knots and wringing your hands bloody if somebody in your camp had insulted the pet religion. Christians are fair game anytime.According to documents released by WikiLeaks, Jen Palmieri was engaged in a 2011 discussion with a Democrat strategist who denounced what he described as the Catholics’ “severely backwards gender relations.” Palmieri responded that “some conservatives are only Catholic because they think it is the most socially acceptable politically conservative religion.”Martha Raddatz says that many took offense to the perceived mockery and offered slimy Tim a chance to squirm his campaign’s way out of it. Before he attempts to spin the situation into something harmless, the sleaze ball first feels obligated to discredit WikiLeaks, who has a one hundred percent accuracy record on their releases, saying that he doesn’t give them any credence. Of course you don’t you crooked weasel, they’re exposing your corruption.Raddatz pointed out that the author of the email acknowledged that he said it, to which Kaine deftly replied, “Yeah, I, but, but,  but I, I, this is an important topic that everybody needs to know about these emails.” This dolt just said everybody needs to know about the emails? That was in the next breath after he said, “I don’t even know if they’re accurate and they are part of an effort by the Russians and WikiLeaks to “destabilize the election.” Right, the Russians wrote all of those emails and signed everybody’s names to them too, didn’t they Tim?This dull blade went on national television where a question is asked that he should have expected, in which the interviewer had time to verify the veracity of it but their “communications director didn’t? His default response is the same as his running mate, dismiss, divert and play dumb. In his case, there might not be much acting involved. He raises the inevitable “one email” that doesn’t really exist that was inaccurate for reasons he doesn’t know as his best lame defense. Way to hit it out of the park, Kaine.The abortion advocate goes on to the topic of his Catholicism, which he says he’s “very serious about” and Hillary Clinton views it as an asset. Kaine, who wears a Clinton pin rather than an American flag pin in recognition of the candidate who also wears no American flag pin, says Clinton values his faith. He knows it’s true because he and Clinton have each discussed their “faith backgrounds,” and that was part of why she just had to have him on the ticket. The more he talks the less believable his lies become.Asked if an apology would be forthcoming, Kaine said “We all have opinions and I don’t think you need to apologize for your opinions.” Good thing Tim, because everyone in the audience is of the opinion that you’re a useless boob. It would have been interesting to hear his response if they had accused Muslims of being believers of convenience or having severely backwards gender relations, what with women having to cover their faces, walk behind men and not drive a car.Would that have been acceptable and dismissed as just an opinion as well, Mr. Kaine? Would that have been part of Clinton’s “respect for the Church and people’s faith lives?” Of course not; there’s a double standard for everything with Democrats. Christians are always fair game, Muslims never are.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.