Bill Still received some information overnight that point out the serious character defects or total lack thereof on the part of the Democrat candidate for president. Hillary Clinton exhibited rage towards the moderator at the Commander-in-Chief Forum, Matt Lauer, for doing in one instance what he should have done for the entire thirty minutes, asking her and pressing her on a question that she hadn’t been fed in advance. She was supposed to go out, recite responses that were well rehearsed and wait for Trump to be caught off guard. Instead it was she who got the surprise and that triggered a rage that we’ve rumors of. Now a firsthand accounting of what happened was sent to Bill Still, and he’s sharing it with America.The source of his information originated at a Comcast email address, the parent company of NBC.  It is supposedly from members of the technical crew that worked the event and describes what happened moments after Clinton walked off the set. They described “a massive profanity-laced tirade” on the part of Clinton that was directed at Matt Lauer in particular, but had moments for others, including DNC Chairperson Donna Brazile.As he learned, Clinton had been given all of the questions in advance but was tripped up by Lauer asking her something she hadn’t been given, throwing her completely off her game and script. The topic was a tricky one for Clinton, her use of an illegal home server for the storing, receiving and transmitting of government secret documents. One of those working the event for Comcast described her as visibly beginning to boil with the asking of that question.Her outburst began immediately after she left the stage, with her first throwing a full glass of water into the face of her assistant, with manic, uncontrolled screaming beginning at that point. The source described Clinton as the “most foul-mouthed woman I’ve ever heard, and that voice at screech level – awful.”She also had some racist condescending comments for the black DNC chairman, Brazile, including suggestions that she was better qualified to be the campaign’s janitor.One female NBC executive is quoted as saying that Brazile’s stoic response to the unhinged Clinton only served to enrage her more. She described it saying, “It was the most awful and terrible…and racist display – such a profane meltdown I have ever witnessed from anyone, and I will never forget it.”Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.