It’s probably even worse than DHS Secretary Jihadi Jeh Johnson having his crooked fingers wrapped around America’s polling stations and electoral infrastructure, the fact that much of our electronic voting machines and systems are provided by the most visible and arguably the greatest threat to American liberty, George Soros. The wolf isn’t just in the hen house, he’s providing the egg incubators.Joseph Stalin is often quoted as having said, in various forms, “The people who cast the votes don’t decide an election, the people who count the votes do.” Stalin may not have been the most eloquent speaker but he was a very shrewd guy. Soros is also very shrewd.Smartmatic, is a voting technology company based in Britain that has deep globalist connections. Its CEO is Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, a member of the British House of Lords and a board member of George Soros’s Open Society Foundations. He has also served as the vice-chairman of Soros’s Investment Funds and was a deputy secretary-general of the United Nations under Kofi Annan.Annan was the guy who started Bill Clinton on his career as a high-profile disaster relief profiteer as his Tsunami Czar back in 2005. That’s the same year that Smartmatic bought out California-based Sequoia Voting Systems and gained entry into the US electoral infrastructure. Malloch-Brown has also been a UN World Bank vice-president, member of PM Gordon Brown’s cabinet, and has extensive connections to both Bill and Hillary Clinton as well. It’s unsettling to know that the same, typical network of cronyism and self-serving special interests that is characteristic of the Clintons is so intimately involved with determining if she will be the next president, perhaps more so than the American voters.The Daily Caller reports that Smartmatic controls the voting machines in 16, roughly one third of all states, including the battlegrounds of Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Michigan, Nevada, Pennsylvania and Virginia. They also oversee machines in California, the District of Columbia, Illinois, Louisiana, Missouri, New Jersey, Oregon, Washington and Wisconsin.Small manipulations in critical areas could completely alter the election results, particularly in the already hotly contested battlegrounds. Creating a little credibility by doggedly promoting favorable, and likely false, polls and ignoring crowd sizes would complement the setup for manipulation and a steal.The DC also points out that Smartmatic ran the controversial online balloting for the Utah GOP caucus last March, which was criticized for the inability to secure personal electronic devices that were used to both register and vote. Security doesn’t matter if the results are already predetermined.It seems Soros and company recognize the depraved wisdom of Joseph Stalin. Maybe he was on to something, eh George?Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.