Former UP Congress leader Rita Bahuguna Joshi’s unbelievable somersault move to the Bharatiya Janata Party was no shock for the Congress, unlike what the media has reported. According to the party, it was a deliberately planned move formulated by their poll strategist Prashant Kishor.“Trust Prashant bhai to come up with strategies never seen before in Indian politics. Be it the Chai pe charcha program of PM Modi, the Bihari vs Bahari campaign of Nitish Kumar, or the Khaat sabha program of Rahul baba, he’s always come up with something out of the box. And this latest strategy of placing Ritaji in the BJP for this poll season is another testimony to his awesomeness. This strategy will prove to be an amazing success and I hereby declare that all of Prashant bhai‘s ?12 meals in future will be on me,” UPCC chief Raj Babbar told The UnReal Times.Explaining further on why this is such a clever move, Babbar said, “See, until yesterday, absolutely no one was listening to us. No matter what we used to say, all our statements fell on deaf ears. Only the khoon ki dalaali remark made some news waves. But now, with Ritaji joining the BJP, the whole of Twitter will have field days for the next few days digging out old tweets of hers and amplifying them all over. Her old tweets will generate such a buzz that our message will be communicated to people more effectively than ever before. He is truly the Kishore Kumar of election strategies.”Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha stated confidently that the move would hardly matter to the party. “We always have Shatrugan Sinha in the BJP to compensate for the absence of Ritaji, so that’s hardly anything to worry about. What is more worrisome is that in 2002…” Jha stated before The UnReal Times reporter moved away.BJP sources, have, however, played down the strategy. “Kishor thinks he’s done something extraordinary by sending Ritaben here. What do you think Rahul baba is still doing in the Congress party?” winked BJP president Amit Shah. “Ritaben should do well in the BJP. We’re the party that has, after all, accommodated even Sreesanth and Powerstar Dr. Srinivasan. Should she mess things up for us in any way, our Marg Darshak Mandal is always open for another Joshi,” Shah smiled.The leader has been given a very warm welcome by her new party thus far. While MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan officially welcomed Joshi to the party with a congratulatory message, Union Sports Minister Vijay Goel formally sealed her induction into the party with a high-definition selfie. “The only thing we’re waiting for, before Ritaben formally begins her work, is an official acronym expansion of RITA by Modiji. We’re told it’ll come soon,” a BJP source added.