Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi has made a sensational claim today that congress played a key role in the battle of Ramayana.According to him, his ancestors, who formed Congress party in 7400 BC, joined forces with Lord Rama and carried out surgical strikes across Lanka, destroying Ravana’s terror launch pads.Speaking to The Unreal Times, Mr. Gandhi said, “Surgical strikes happened in the past too. Congress not only conducted surgical strikes under momma…I mean, Dr. Manmohan Singh’s regime but we also did that in prehistoric era. What is Modi bragging about?”“Our ancestors stood by Lord Rama throughout the war but we never sought any credit for that because neki kar dariya mein daal has always been our mantra.”“But it was a full scale war, not a surgical strike,” we decided to engage in a scholarly discussion with the scholar himself.“Do you know the definition of surgical strike?” he asked.“Umm, no.”“Ok, let me explain. Any military attack that we cannot classify under a category is called a surgical strike.”“Okayyyy.”“It lasted for 13 days,” he looked out the window into oblivion as he continued, “Our ancestors fought alongside Lord Rama and decimated the army of Ravana. Do you know something? It was our idea to send Hanuman to burn Lanka.”“Did you?” we asked in a state of shock.“Yes,” he reclined with a self-assured smile, “You know, initially Lord Rama was a bit skeptical about the whole thing. He was like, cool but what if they get to know about our plan and stuff, but we convinced him. We told him that to understand their preparedness against a full-fledged attack, we had to do that. And eventually he agreed.”He played a DVD of Ramanand Sagar’s Ramayan and said, “Do you see them?”“That’s Sugriva and his troop.”“No, towards his left. They were from Gandhi family.”“But going by the theory of Darwin, our ancestors looked the same. How do we know they were Gandhis? Yes, some of you have retained the traits of our ancestors but…”“What was the purpose of the battle? No, you tell me what was the purpose of the battle?”“To rescue Sita?”“Exactly. Women empowerment…I mean women safety, and that was our prime concern even then. Do you need more proofs?”“No. Guess, that will do.”“Great. Now spread the word. By the way, we might raise a demand to rename Dussehra to Rajiv Jayanti.”He changed the DVD and ‘Chhota Bheem’ flashed on the screen. We decided to wrap up the interview.