Asanshol, 7th October.Rahul Gandhi’s latest political masterstroke made the entire nation unitedly draw draggers against him. But in a sudden turn of events, the Congress has heaved a sigh of relief after finding the entire nation express sympathy, support and “get well soon” wishes from across the country for its cherished scion.The unexpected popularity windfall came after senior Kattappa-esque Congress leader Mr. Kapil Sibal defended the crown prince, pleading that the country “should understand his sentiments”. Close on the heels of this, on-off Congress buddy, the Ashutosh of the AAP tweeted his support, saying “Totly agree with the Sibal. Rahulji totly Centimental and we shud understnd”.Needless to say, the revelation of the century set twitter on fire. Even those with an IQ enough to solve cheap mid-day tabloid puzzles instantly worked out the intricacy and innate wisdom in the Ashutosh’s tweet. This correspondent caught up with a random guy who was bursting crakers to celebrate the expose. “What’s the big deal in cracking the Ashutosh’s code? Even schoolkids know that ‘Centi’ means 100, and mental means mad. That’s it! Straight and simple!”, he screamed deliriously, adding “just what we knew all these years, and were waiting for the Congress to admit it!”. A second later, in an AAP-ish U-turn, the guy added, “I also feel sad for him, though. Lets also pray for his well-being even as we celebrate the admission!”The Congress, in any case, is elated. An insider confided, “In the last couple of years, we had vanished from Indians’ chit-chats. At least this way, we’ve wriggled our way back into tea-stall charchas. The means don’t matter. Our great visionary leader must have taken this great step and risked his reputation for the short term with something long-term in mind”, he hoped dreamily.When asked for his comments, veteran Congressman Mr Digvijay Singh started off with a reflexive, “Of course, Rahul baba is 100 taka…” before abruptly changing his stance to “No comments”.