Groping: The house of cards that is the multiple coordinated lies and smears of the mainstream media in support of Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump is starting to list to one side, First a witness showed up who remembered the groping encounter from the 80s stating there was no kissing or any other type of physical interaction, in spite of Ms. Leeds’ best efforts to initiate one.Now considerable doubt has been cast upon the unsubstantiated assertions of Summer Zervos, who claimed that Mr. Trump was groping and kissed her in a hotel during a 2007 interview. Mr. Trump contends strongly that no meeting ever took place and revelations by a family member now seem to support his position. Ms. Zervos looks more like she had her feelings hurt over Trumps lack of attention in her than her sensibilities hurt by his excess interest.Zervos’ cousin, John Barry of Mission Viejo, CA, said he believes Zervos is acting vindictively. He issued a statement saying, “I am completely shocked and bewildered by my cousin, Summer Zervos, and her press conference today. Ever since she was on The Apprentice she has had nothing but glowing things to say about Mr. Trump.”He said that Zervos often described Mr. Trump as an inspiration to her professionally and that she had “converted her friends and our family to become Trump supporters.” He pinpoints the time things changed as coinciding with his rejecting her request to visit her restaurant. He said, “That was until Summer invited Mr. Trump to her restaurant during the primary and he said no. I think Summer wishes she could still be on reality TV, and in an effort to get that back she’s saying all of these negative things about Mr. Trump.”He added, “That’s not how she talked about him before. I can only imagine that Summer’s actions today are nothing more than an attempt to regain the spotlight at Mr. Trump’s expense, and I don’t think it reflects well.”The Trump campaign also released a copy of an email Zervos sent to Mr. Trump’s secretary in April of this year in which she is attempting to contact him in hopes of reconnecting, noting how popular he is in her area of California and stating that her “intentions are genuine.”   Genuine intentions also come in a nuthouse crazy, extra crazy and a genuine gold-digger variety, which seem like the categories she fits into. Genuine celebrity stalker is a possibility as well. She’s not believable and she’s really not that good of an actress. As a salesperson she was unimpressive, failing to sell the whole he groped me narrative. Her hand to her chest, catching her breath and other momentary displays of dealing with her “raw victim hood emotions” were overdone. Has she tried singing or dancing?The letter she sent to Trump’s office on April 21st has the appearance of the reactions of a jilted and disappointed woman who had delusions of something that didn’t exist and had no chance of existing. Having come to that realization and feeling spurned, a setup letter with an offer to “clear the air” and the prospect of later acting upon it, on behalf of his opponents is quite possible. Trump didn’t take the bait but they rolled out a version of the operation anyway. Progressives plan things in great detail, well in advance. We’d be naive to think that this type of attack wouldn’t be planned and implemented, ready for roll out if necessary.In launching her initial attack, Zervos said, “I contacted his secretary in April of 2016 and asked if I could reconnect with Mr. Trump. I did not tell her why I wanted to speak with him. She responded that perhaps his campaign team would follow up with me. I then wrote his assistant an email on April 21, 2016, asking her to send my email directly to Mr. Trump.That would be the setup, plan B, since he didn’t take the bait on the first attempt. She said, “In that email, I stated, ‘Your interest in me as a potential employee meant the world to me. Your interest in me as anything more blew my mind, and I lost my footing.’ I further said, ‘I have been incredibly hurt by our previous interaction.’ I ended by stating, ‘I hope to hear from you and wish you continued success.’ Mr. Trump did not reply.”Trump issued a statement earlier stating that he vaguely remembered Zervos from when she was on “The Apprentice,” but they never met at a hotel. He said, “That is not who I am as a person, and it is not how I’ve conducted my life.” He accused the media of creating a “theater of absurdity.”No one really cares outside of the Clinton media if Trump kissed a woman who came to his hotel room. She went there of her own accord and whatever happened there was between them. No criminal complaint was filed and her behavior indicated that nothing happened. If she’s the big girl she presented herself as on the television show she’d have done a much better job of selling the news conference and also would have an idea of what happens in hotel rooms. Whether she actually visited him or not is irrelevant.We’ve got a country to save; let’s move on. No groping! Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.