Ousted Chairman of Tata Sons Cyrus Mistry today joined the Aam Aadmi Party. Speaking to the media Cyrus Mistry said, “The media, government, regulators or politicians, no one is supporting me in fighting against the injustice I have faced. Kejriwalji is my only hope. So I joined the AAP.”Speaking at the occasion, AAP supremo and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal said, “Having worked at Tata Steel several years ago, I have firsthand experience of how the board of directors of Tata Sons did not allow me to work. That is the reason I quit Tata Steel.”“Just like Cyrus Mistry, I also took up the top job in Delhi because there were no other suitable candidate. I empathize with Cyrus Mistry when he says that Ratan Tata did not allow him to do work. In a similar way, Narendra Modi and Najeeb Jung do not allow me to do work in Delhi,” he added.“Why should someone be fired for choosing to close loss making UK Steel business? First take care of Indians before subsidizing British citizens. Ratan Tata is a British agent. Even AAP does not fire its leaders so fast,” he declaredMeanwhile, our correspondent overheard this discussion between Cyrus Mistry and Rajdeep Sardesai.Rajdeep Sardesai: So what I understand Mr. Mistry is that you are concerned about the rising intolerance by the majority against the minorities in India?”Cyrus Mistry: No, I only said that I am concerned about the rising intolerance of the majority shareholders in Tata Sons against minority shareholders like me.Meanwhile, AAP leader Ashutosh took to Twitter to blast Tata Sons.“As per Cyrus Mistry, Tata Motors’ Nano plant in Gujarat is making losses. Even industrialists in Gujarat are losing money. Is this the Gujarat Model? Will Modi answer?” he tweeted.“Cyrus Mistry spoke about risk of impairment in Tata Steal? Will Ratan Tata answer?” read his second tweet.“Why was Cyrus Mistry not given a free hand to run Tata Suns? Will the Bored answer?” said his third tweetA source who did not wish to be identified told our correspondent that Tata Sons is also planning to fire Cyrus Mistry from the board of directors and has already found his replacement.After Ratan Tata asked for a versatile candidate with expertise in several fields and who is not afraid to speak his mind, a consultant suggested the name of Justice Katju. But Ratan Tata was not pleased at the prospect of being called an idiot in a board meeting and so vetoed the proposal. Instead Congress leader Ahmed Patel will be filling this post.According to our source, the Tata Sons board was very impressed with Ahmed Patel after he told them that rather than abrupt firing, they should have kept planting stories in the media like “Ratan Tata unhappy with Cyrus Mistry’s decision to close down Tata Steel UK Business.”This along with his ability to effectively manage a family trust and also manage a professional CEO without letting him drift from the group’s ethos and culture earned him a board seat.Further, according to our source, several names came up during the latest board meeting to pick a new Chairman. Ahmed Patel suggested the name of Dr. Manmohan Singh but Ratan Tata vetoed it saying he wanted a person who could be a brand ambassador for the Tata Group.Currently, there are 2 persons who are front-runners in the race for Chairman. One is Arvind Kejriwal. Several board members think that he will be a suitable candidate because he can just give speeches, visit offices and be a brand ambassador while the actual work could be left to the board.Another name doing the round is Chetan Bhagat. Given his IIT, IIM qualifications along with his versatile persona of being an author, columnist, screenwriter, television personality and motivational speaker, several board members think he is the perfect candidate for the heavily diversified salt to software conglomerate. Further, he is good with numbers, an area the Tata Group is struggling at this point in time.