Former Secret Service Agent Dan Bongino is interviewed regarding the information that is leaking out about the violations of protocol, both generally, diplomatically and in matters related to security by Hillary Clinton, particularly as it relates to the Secret Service.The conversation began with Martha MacCallum noting that there are now revelations that a former Secret Service agent of Bill Clinton’s worked as one of Hillary Clinton’s illegal bootleg server IT guys. That’s an interesting arrangement since he was certainly aware that what he was doing was illegal.
Dan Bongino says that he’s been told may agents on the inside that are sources for him that they view Hillary Clinton as a “very unique threat to our republic,” and that is the motivation for many of the whistleblowers who are now coming forward.He says that it is because of the threat that she poses that their Omerta, the code of silence is now not being observed to the degree it has been previously. He says, “And this story about an agent being used to assist with Clinton Foundation server issues, security issues, which is totally against the rules for the Secret Service, I’m pretty confident I know who the agent is, is totally unsurprising to me. And I’ll bet there’s a lot more there that’s not being said, I’m reasonably confident of that as well, based upon some stories I’ve heard about what actually happened over there.”They raise the issue revealed in released FBI documents, a complaint that Clinton would boot her security detail and diplomats she was meeting with from her limousine in order to make room for Huma Abedin. The report stated, “This frequently resulted in complaints by ambassadors who were insulted and embarrassed by this breach of protocol.” It stated that one individual, whose name was redacted, explained, “Clinton’s treatment of DS agents on her protective detail was so contemptuous that many of them sought reassignment or employment elsewhere.”Dan Bongino points out that this is relative for several reasons, including the fact that it “fits in with the larger narrative of Hillary Clinton. Her elitist snob attitude towards the military and towards her Secret Service agents, which was pretty pervasive during my time with her, it  parlays into this elitist attitude towards government too that the rules don’t apply to her.”Mr. Bongino describes the incident that she just described as “a major slap in the face.” He elaborates, saying, “They have a protocol chief in the State Department who strictly handles things like this. This is a major embarrassment on a foreign trip for her not to do this and to be seen separated in the motorcade from the leader of the country she’s been invited to.”“But Martha again,” Bongino reminds his host, “she’s an elitist, she acts like a snob, she treats people terribly, and she doesn’t care about your feelings, or frankly, any protocol rules the government has. It doesn’t matter. It’s all about Mrs. Clinton all the time. She doesn’t care. And she treated female agents terribly too, which I find ironic because she says there’s a war on women, yeah there was a war on women in the Secret Service, she waged it. She was really terrible and I guarantee you there will be more people starting to talk about it.”McCallum bails Clinton out, saying, “Wow, strong charges across the board and I know that you have personal experience to back up your opinion, here.” He’s asked about the feelings of agents about potentially having to protect her again. Bongino says, “Martha, there are agents and uniformed division officers that are deathly afraid of this woman.”He says, “This woman has to be kept out of the White House. She views government as a tool for her own personal ambitions, that is it. Public service means absolutely zero to the Clintons and especially to Hillary Clinton, she’s very dangerous.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.