Any time Hillary Clinton gets behind a podium and starts to speak, something weird happens.  She takes on this faraway look like she’s listening to a conversation somewhere else, gets distracted and then starts to say things that make absolutely no sense.During 2016 presidential election debate three at the University of Nevada Las Vegas, she had yet another of these episodes that invites all sorts of conspiracy theory like speculation.  Not having watched the debate, the question could have been on anything from terrorism to gun control, but it was clear she was talking about the night club shooting in Orlando, Florida.And here you thought I was going to tell you all about how treasonous it was to reveal the time from order to launch of nuclear missiles.  That’s for another post.The poster of the video, Matt Naugle, added the sound effects of the warped voice, but the point is clear: her thoughts on the matter were either not coherent, or she was waiting for what she should say from another source.  From all reports, viewers were watching for tell tail signs of cheating.  Everything from a teleprompter in the podium to an earpiece has been discussed to death on the comment boards.  All regular joe types think she was stilted and over-prepared to the point of having known the answers ahead of time.This clip, though, is the only true trainwreck where even someone who didn’t watch the whole “debate” beginning to end can tell there was an “oh, $#@!” moment that had to be covered to surface.  Yet.  There will be more coming, no doubt, like this one where all appearances that Hillary dropped an f-bomb are clear to those looking for it.Put these clips against the “upward spiral” bit where Hillary’s train of thought obviously derailed, the two or three most prominent seizure moments, and the weird facial contortions at the convention, and something is really not right.  The Democrats can deny it all they want, but, really, that little bit was a sign that all is not what it seems.