A man was brought into the Delhi Psychiatric Hospital suffering from a unique mental disorder, never before documented in the annals of psychiatry.His wife complained he keeps shouting ‘MODI…MODI…MODI’ throughout the day and even in his sleep. “We first tried to treat him at home with some Ayurvedic medicine but he reacted violently calling it Baba Ramdev’s conspiracy. I wished he just snored like normal people”, she told attending doctors. She reported that “he is increasingly aggressive and regularly fights with me, our daughter and even our pet dog whom I’ve renamed Ashu.”“He’s now stopped talking with me. Yesterday, when I asked him what he wanted for dessert, he just pointed to a word on his cap. He wanted Mango (Aam). Why didn’t he just say so? Today he sat on a Dharna outside my kitchen, wearing that cap again and started pointing his index finger at me and threatening to seek a referendum from his party on whether or not I should continue to be his wife. When I told him that it was against the Constitution to ask for a public vote on our marriage, he went berserk and started singing ‘Hum Honge Kamyaab’. And he won’t let me wash his muffler. I could go on and on with the trouble I’ve had ever since I voted…sorry…I mean ever since I married him. Delhi is stuck with him for just 4 more years but I am stuck for Life…Doctor Saheb, Please help me.”After studying numerous brain-scans of the patient, Dr. Swamy a visiting Harvard-trained Psychiatrist had this to say:“This is a classic case of deep, unfulfilled love. Just as Laila would repeat Majnu’s name in her sleep, or Juliet Romeo’s, this patient is obsessed with Modi. I have no doubt this is a case of suppressed infatuation.”Diagnosis: CMD (Closet Modi Bhakt)Treatment:1. Tab Restille .5 mg every hour.2. De-conditioning Therapy: One Sharp Slap whenever subject utters any word beginning with the letter M.3. Take off the muffler which prevents him from hearing others.4. I-Kool eye drops to reduce manic gleam in his eyes.Re-evaluate after 3 months.