Anonymous has the goods on the Democrats, we know it has to be Democrats because they’re the crooked ones, stuffing ballots in multiple states. We’ve expected they were going to try to steal the election, in fact, it’s the only way they can take the White House. Now we’ve got proof and it’s time to invalidate the early voting in all states until we can get some real controls in place.There seem to be primarily employees or volunteers working to circumvent the system, with one or multiple blockers being used in most of the instances. It’s the same style of stacks of ballots being stuffed into the boxes being utilized in each situation. They paid attention in their Democrat workshops. This is not a cluster of individual random acts. This is obviously coordinated.In Illinois it’s two women, one blocker and one stuffer. In the next location, the first of two in Pennsylvania, the stuffer is wearing what appears to be a name badge and appears to be at a work station. That’s an apparent indicator that she and blocker, who also has on a name badge, are working or volunteering at the polling place.  In the second Pennsylvania location, three individuals, again appearing to be employees or officials, block the view of the ballot box as a fourth woman loads it up with Clinton ballots. Nobody else is paying any attention; maybe it happens so often it’s no longer noteworthy.In what Anonymous labeled as the worst incident of the video, four persons take turns stuffing boxes as fast as they can. All of these women, apparently doing their part to get that big Hillary crack into the glass ceiling at the White House, are guilty of serious crimes. They should be immediately arrested, interrogated and made to spill their guts as to who coordinated these efforts and put them up to it. If they don’t want to talk, send them away for a long time. They can share a cell or at least be in the same cell block with Hillary Clinton.We know where the word to commit these criminal acts originates, at the top of the criminal Democrat Party. Maybe all fifty states and territories can just go back to the same day voting for everyone for this election since the Democrats have completely destroyed the integrity of this system. It is not being protected and the counts cannot be trusted as legitimate, in fact, they are guaranteed to be illegitimate. Clearly their intent is to repeat these criminal acts in as many locations as many times as possible, over and over, every day until the election.UPDATE – We’ve received a possible temporary injection of relief into the mix, information is coming in that at least one of these incidents may have taken place in Russia. That’s good, if it’s true, but it is by no means a reason for us to relax. Just as is verified by the New York City Election Commissioner, election fraud is rampant and happening all the time. It is built into the system. What is happening in the video, regardless of where it is taking place, is exactly the type of systemic abuse, be it electronic or paper balloting, that we have to be guarding against. It is what the Democrats plan to subject us to. Just because these instances may have occurred elsewhere does not mean they are not happening here as well; they are. The ability to commit this type of election fraud was the motivation behind the criminal leadership at DHS wanting access to polling stations across the nation. They know the only way they can win is through cheating. Americans don’t want another criminal for president. We had better be ready to fight this and engaged, or the election will, without a doubt, be stolen and the nation destroyed.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.