Akhil Bharatiya Dhobi Mahasangh has strongly criticized dragging donkeys into politics. Reacting to a report of Chhattisgarh Congress rebel MLA R.K Rai calling Rahul Gandhi a donkey, the Mahasangh’s president Shri Shyam Rajak said, “Well, I can understand politicians throwing mud at each other and calling names. And I fully empathize with Shri R.K Rai for getting upset at Congress high command. But equating Rahul ji with donkey is unacceptable. Donkeys are our bread winners. Unless we feed them they don’t enter anyone’s house and take away their meal. Yes, their IQ is a bit low but not that bad. We condemn Shri R.K Rai’s exaggerated comparison.”In a related development, PETA, the animal rights group, has threatened to sue R.K Rai for violation of animal rights. CEO of PETA India, Poorva Joshipura, in a telephonic interview with The Unreal times said, “Animals too have their right to dignity. It is a new low for donkeys to be dragged into such comparisons. We are consulting our legal team to take legal action against Mr. R.K Rai.”Mr. R.K Rai got support from unexpected quarters. Dr. Madhu Khanna Professor, at Centre for Comparative Religions at Jamia Millia Islamia staunchly defended R.K Rai. “As per Old Testament prophecy, the Messiah is said to arrive on a donkey. The prophesy came true when Jesus rode on a donkey and entered Jerusalem. In Hinduism, the goddess Kalaratri’s vehicle is a donkey. So donkeys are blessed animals. By comparing Rahul ji with a donkey, Mr Rai has only elevated Rahul ji in the spiritual realm of things.”Arvind Kejriwal too agreed with Prof Khanna. “Those who have watched ’Shrek Forever After’ will agree that donkey is such an adorable animal. Rai ji has only complemented Rahul ji,” said Kejriwal, before speeding off to special screening of ’Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’.Repeated efforts by The Unreal times to contact Rahul Gandhi’s office were not fruitful as the receptionist was not able to confirm the whereabouts of Mr Gandhi.(Reported by Citizen Satirist Sridharan Sankaran)