James O’Keefe’s Project Veritas has really done it this time. Their undercover reporting is exposing the malicious attacks on our electoral system that are a massive web of criminality employed on a daily basis targeting the American people and our rights to choose our leaders. It’s business as usual for the Democrat Party.They have revealed a sophisticated covert voter and election fraud operation that is being run illegally and immorally all across this nation by the corrupt Democrats. The security breaches that Obama, Clinton and the Democrats were “so concerned about,” the ones supposedly originating with the Russians, pale in comparison to what they are themselves doing to corrupt the electoral process.
The hacks on the DNC and Clinton are a revelation of what they were actually doing. If it’s wrong they’re responsible, don’t nuke the messenger or use it as a premise for World War lll. Excuse us if we don’t get too upset that treason by our pretend ‘president’ and his henchmen were exposed by someone. What is important is that the truth gets out, not so much who leaked it. The corruption that threatens America was in the acts of the Democrats, not in those who obtained the data. It is the Democrats who are attacking the sanctity of our electoral process.Hacks that exposed what the Democrats were already doing are nothing compared to what Project Veritas reveals here. The assaults, abuse of the process, voter intimidation, violations of the law and mass voter fraud that the Democrats are engaged in are breathtaking. They revel in being the thugs and goons, paid by George Soros with full knowledge and approval of Obama, Clinton and the rest of the Democrat leadership, who beat up innocent people attending Trump rallies. They commit identity theft, enabling multiple voting and other illegal voting. They are criminals and the organization is corrupt, top to bottom, through and through.This second video picks up where the first one left off yesterday, exposing the blatant criminality that is the Democrat Party. It will be interesting to listen for any faint rustling of a response from the media, to hear any calls for investigations into civil rights violations from the crooked cesspool that is the Department of Justice. Will either Loretta Lynch or her ACLU bulldog Vanita Gupta, now her civil rights left hand, be launching an investigation? Perhaps, a phony one, the kind that Hillary Clinton received.They will undoubtedly try to sweep this lawlessness under the same carpet with the stack of Clinton violations that they, along with FBI Director Comey, are insulating from public scrutiny. This is no surprise to most of us but it’s a great thing to have it being exposed in this manner.How much more proof do voters need to see before they understand that our government has been hijacked by criminals and that Hillary Clinton and Hussein Obama are perhaps the biggest mobsters ever to walk, slither or shuffle across the face of the earth.As one of their operatives says in the video, “they’ve been doing it for fifty years.” That’s long enough, it has to stop. Ever heard of RICO, Madam Attorney General? This is what it was enacted for – organized crime, like yours.Updated information: A Tweet from James O’Keefe indicates he’s gotten his second scalp in as many days with the thug Bob Creamer, infamously depicted in the video, now announcing he’s leaving the campaign. He claims he hasn’t done anything wrong, of course, he’s being fired for a reason. It’s not because he’s a criminal, that was why he was hired. Getting caught is what got him fired.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.