General Dogla Karamati, Chief  of ISI or Invertebrate Services Incorporated was sitting in his plush chamber guzzling wine and chewing on cherries when his deputy Pareshaan Harkat entered.“General Sir, Burhan Bunny has been killed by the Indian Security forces.”The General who had been watching a video of  Sunny Leone tore his eyes from the TV and snapped. “Who the jahannum is Bunny?”“Don’t you remember Sir? he was among the latest batch of recruits trained by us and sent to India-Occupied-Pakistan or IOP to unleash mayhem.”“Come on, how do you expect me remember one individual. Over the last two decades, our militant organisations have been mentoring and releasing thousands of would be martyrs in IOP.”“But sir, this boy was special.”“Why?”“In the practical exam he had topped among more than 1000 competitors, and you yourself had given him a special medal –Jalladey Pakistan!”“What kind of exam was that?”“For each of the contestants we had put one Baluchi on the starting line, and asked the prey to crawl a distance of 25 meters. Each participant had to fire 5 shots standing at the finishing line – the first shot was  to dismember the left hand of the quarry,  the second the right hand, the third and fourth the knees and the last bullet was to land between the eyes. The earlier one could complete the task the more number of points he got. Bunny got his Balcuchi in all the right spots within five meters of the starting line. No other contestant could manage a perfect score even after their respective Baluchis had wriggled the entire distance.”“Oh, Yes! Now I remember, brilliant fellow!”“What now Sir ?”“Let us capitalize on Bunny’s death. It is an ‘Osama’ sent opportunity. Ask our twin-brothers in arms in IOP to whip up a frenzy. Direct our experts to create a viral tsunami on the social media.  Let our activists in IOP get the young and restless out on the streets in support of Bunny. Our boys should simply foment unrest and then disappear and leave the dying to the Indians. And make sure the international media gets a ring side view of the happenings.”“That should not be a problem, Sir. We have the entire mechanism in place. One ‘martyrdom’ in IOP and our entire terror assembly line gets rolling.”“Great. Now the next step would be to take the issue to the U.N. Earlier, the USA would automatically join forces with us. But of late they have started cold shouldering our country. But never mind, my   counterpart in the Chinese establishment I-speak-lie will back us to the hilt.”“That’s true Sir. All thanks to your proactive planning and strategic implementation.”“I know, I know,” Dogla said chucking a cherry at the grateful Pareshaan.“Now, Pareshaan, I had asked you to prepare a new rate card for our suicide bombers, is it ready?”“Of course Sir!”“Read it out.”“A suicide bomber who loses his right or left arm gets 1 lakh. One who loses his right or left leg is given 2 lakhs. The family of a martyr gets Rs. 10 lakhs.”“Abey Khachhar! Didn’t I tell you to add an incentive for the deaths caused?”“Sorry Sir! I was just coming to that. For every person killed by him, our suicide bomber will get Rs. 10,000/-.”“Good! Dogla khush hua!”“Anything else, Sir?”“Yes, our country will observe 19th July as Martyr’s Day.”“That’s a wonderful idea, Sir! How will we ‘celebrate’ it, Sir?”