Erik Prince, former Navy SEAL and founder of Blackwater, was a guest of Breitbart News Daily on Sirius FM radio Friday.  In his interview, he and host Alex Marlow started talking about the legal mess that Democratic Candidate for president, Hillary Clinton, finds herself in in relation to the hundreds of thousands of emails found on former Congressman Anthony Weiner’s laptop, and Prince dropped a bombshell:…according to one of his “well-placed sources” in the New York Police Department, “The NYPD wanted to do a press conference announcing the warrants and the additional arrests they were making” in the Anthony Weiner investigation, but received “huge pushback” from the Justice Department.Prince then went on to elaborate on what his sources tell him is going on behind the scenes.“Because of Weinergate and the sexting scandal, the NYPD started investigating it. Through a subpoena, through a warrant, they searched his laptop, and sure enough, found those 650,000 emails. They found way more stuff than just more information pertaining to the inappropriate sexting the guy was doing,” Prince claimed.“They found State Department emails. They found a lot of other really damning criminal information, including money laundering, including the fact that Hillary went to this sex island with convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Bill Clinton went there more than 20 times. Hillary Clinton went there at least six times,” he said.“The amount of garbage that they found in these emails, of criminal activity by Hillary, by her immediate circle, and even by other Democratic members of Congress was so disgusting they gave it to the FBI, and they said, ‘We’re going to go public with this if you don’t reopen the investigation and you don’t do the right thing with timely indictments,’” Prince explained.“I believe – I know, and this is from a very well-placed source of mine at 1PP, One Police Plaza in New York – the NYPD wanted to do a press conference announcing the warrants and the additional arrests they were making in this investigation, and they’ve gotten huge pushback, to the point of coercion, from the Justice Department, with the Justice Department threatening to charge someone that had been unrelated in the accidental heart attack death of Eric Garner almost two years ago. That’s the level of pushback the Obama Justice Department is doing against actually seeking justice in the email and other related criminal matters,” Prince said.The full interview, available at Breitbart, goes into further detail about the entire affair including that New York Mayor Bill De Blasio wants to distance himself from the entire thing, and that Hillary Clinton and her aides are under investigation by multiple offices in the FBI.  The New York Police Department, at this time, still apparently has a copy of the Weiner notebook computer files.  However, it is not the FBI doing the obstructing, it is the Justice Department.That tidbit of information is quite telling.