FBI Director: The good law enforcement professionals within the FBI have had enough of their reputations being tarnished and their integrity blighted by their political hack Director. Jim Comey had a reputation for integrity and fidelity to the law when he was lesser known. The lack of character and his willingness to compromise for political expediency displayed in the Hillary Clinton fiasco have changed all of that.The FBI rank and file are in revolt and making moves to speak out before Congress and elsewhere regarding the conflicts of interest, blatant lies, violations of standard practices and the double standard that clearly now the rule of the day under FBI Director Jim Comey, Loretta Lynch and Hussein Obama.The FBI has gone from being an unbiased law enforcement operation to a subjective partisan arm of the Obama regime. Two agents, who are upset with the current state of affairs, provided a written statement, a copy of which was forwarded to the Daily Caller. One of those agents said of the decision not to prosecute Hillary Clinton, “This is a textbook case where a grand jury should have been convened, but was not. That is appalling. He added, “We talk about it in the office and don’t know how FBI Director Comey can keep going.”Among the most glaring breaches of protocol and best practices was the failure to search the Clinton house. The outraged agent wrote, “We didn’t search their house. We always search the house. The search should not just have been for private electronics, which contained classified material, but even for printouts of such material.”A second special agent who worked counter-terrorism and criminal cases said he is offended by FBI Director Comey’s remarks, specifically his taking cover among the reputations of the real investigators, the real FBI guys. Comey repeatedly used references such as, “the team, “we” and “I’ve been an investigator.” Comey is attempting to provide the appearance that he is experienced in investigative matters, but he’s just a lawyer.Jim Comey worked for both Lockheed Martin and HSBC as they became entangled in the Clinton Foundation web during his non-public payroll periods, earning $6 million with Lockheed. His brother, Peter Comey, works for DLA Piper, one of the firms receiving special consideration as a donor to the Clinton campaign in the Podesta emails. Clearly Comey understands how pay to play works and he’s part of the Obama Clinton team. His pathway is quite similar to that of Loretta Lynch though she lacks much of the “visible private sector” employment. She has made some very favorable rulings for Clinton Obama connected entities such as HSBC.The Daily Caller provided Comey’s career path in condensed form as “After graduating from law school, Comey became a law clerk to a U.S. District Judge in Manhattan and later became an associate in a law firm in the city. After becoming a U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York, Comey’s career moved through the U.S. Attorney’s Office until he became Deputy Attorney General during the George W. Bush administration.After Bush left office, Comey entered the private sector and became general counsel and Senior Vice President for Lockheed Martin, among other private sector posts. ‘President’ Barack Obama appointed him to FBI director in 2013 replacing out going-director Robert Mueller.”The second agent stated, “Comey was never an investigator or special agent. The special agents are trained investigators and they are insulted that Comey included them in ‘collective we’ statements in his testimony to imply that the SAs agreed that there was nothing there to prosecute.” The opposite was the case, as the agent said, “All the trained investigators agree that there is a lot to prosecuted but he stood in the way.” He added, “The idea that [the Clinton/e-mail case] didn’t go to a grand jury is ridiculous.”Joe DiGenova, a Washington D.C. attorney said agents are beginning to come forward, wanting to talk about what is happening at the bureau. The “special treatment” Mrs. Clinton and her cohorts received has many of them in near revolt and they are maneuvering for position to be called by Congress to testify under subpoena when they get back in session. There’s still an election in Congress’ futures so they have to at least put on the appearance of representation.In an interview last week on WMAL radio, DiGenova said, “People are starting to talk. They’re calling their former friends outside the bureau asking for help. We were asked today to provide legal representation to people inside the bureau and agreed to do so and to former agents who want to come forward and talk. Comey thought this was going to go away, it’s not.”“People inside the bureau are furious. They are embarrassed.” DiGenova said, “They feel like they are being led by a hack but more than that that they think he’s a crook. They think he’s fundamentally dishonest. They have no confidence in him. The bureau inside right now is a mess. The most important thing of all is that the agents have decided that they are going to talk.”Clearly Comey deliberately misinterpreted the statutes in order to provide the outcome his masters, be they within the administration alone or outside as well, were paying him to deliver. Now, as the rank and file become rankled, Comey may be joining Mrs. Clinton at the defendant’s table, at least until Obama delivers the pardon.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.