We’ve all heard the reports from former Secret Service agents that former First Lady [cough] Hillary Clinton was known inside the agency as an unpleasant person to be around.  In fact, being part of her detail was known to be a punishment of sorts.  With the release of 100 pages of FBI transcripts that description is confirmed. This is from a statement taken from an FBI agent with the State Department’s Bureau of Diplomatic Security (DS) during Clinton’s time as secretary of state.[Redacted] explained that CLINTON’s treatment of DS agents on her protective detail was so contemptuous that many of them sought reassignment or employment elsewhere,” the interview summary says. “Prior to CLINTON’s tenure, being an agent on the Secretary of State’s protective detail was seen as an honor and privilege reserved for senior agents. However, by the end of CLINTON’s tenure, it was staffed largely with new agents because it was difficult to find senior agents willing to work for her.”SHOCKER!Not only was Hillary “unpleasant” to work with, but she really did have the opinion that rules were for everyone else.“From her own experience, and information obtained through [redacted] and other agents, [redacted] described a ‘stark difference’ between [Condoleezza] RICE and CLINTON with regard to obedience to security and diplomatic protocols,” the summary says. “RICE observed strict adherence to State Department security and diplomatic protocols while CLINTON frequently and ‘blatantly’ disregarded them.”Many of us have our disagreements with Condi Rice, but the woman is a lady.  She knows how to behave and respect other people and governments.  Of course, President George W. Bush was known for his punctuality and protocol adherence, so for his Secretary of State to follow the letter of the rules should be no surprise.The agent said that it is standard diplomatic and security protocol for the secretary of state to travel by armored limousine with the U.S. ambassador when visiting a foreign country.“CLINTON refused to do so, instead choosing to be accompanied in the limousine by her Chief of Staff, HUMA ABEDIN. This frequently resulted in complaints by ambassadors who were insulted and embarrassed by this breach of protocol,” the summary says. Clinton’s breaches of protocol, it adds, were “well-known throughout Diplomatic Security and were ‘abundant.’”And yet another Clinton era legend grows with comments from security details.  Hillary Clinton does as she darn well pleases, and doesn’t care who she insults.  Imagine that.