Glenn Beck has clearly always had that side to him that doesn’t make sense, that side that makes you certain he must be secretly hitting the sauce again. Sure the round glasses and the “Hee Haw” beard and sweater were a part of his shtick to make him look “professorly,” as someone who could be trusted as knowing what he was talking about. Sometime it was enough, often the effort was wasted once he opened his mouth.Even a fully-crocked lush in the midst of a full-knee crawling, toilet hugging stupor arguably has a better grip on reality than Mr. Beck. The shouted retching coming from such an individual positioned alongside their favorite, ceramic bowl (one not containing smashed Cheetos) can at least be dismissed as the incoherent, reflexive responses to some negative internalized stimuli. Wait a minute, come to think of it, maybe there’s not that much difference between a guy puking his brains out and the “intellectual” ravings of the formerly respected commentator. Maybe it’s just Glenn being Glenn.It would take a book to document his bizarre behavior of the past. One noteworthy comment of late was his barely backhanded endorsement of Hillary Clinton. He’s gone from taste-testing Mark Zuckerberg’s sneakers, telling us that Facebook doesn’t censor conservatives and constitutionalists when we experience it on a daily basis, to supporting Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. Beck is clearly out of his mind.Last Saturday Beck proved that point by posting an anti-Trump rant on his Facebook page and portraying Hillary Clinton, the lying pilfering spy and Butcher of Benghazi, as a more moral choice for president of the United States. After all, Glenn’s purity was tainted by the crass bus comments and Beck’s going to have to scrub his ears for hours just to get it back.Beck started off with what is actually a true, coherent remark, that “Every person, each of us must decide what is a bridge too far.” He then set about showing us that he’s crawling out from under the bridge and, don’t look, he’s gonna jump.He went on to cite his fellow Mormon and globalist tool, Senator Mike Lee, who, as my dad used to say, “couldn’t say sh*t if he had a mouthful of it,” describing him as having an internal struggle that has reached the point where he could not compromise. It’s baloney, of course. Lee has been in Romney and Ryan’s pocket throughout the election and is still trying to sink Trump on their behalf and that of their globalist establishment. Lee has no moral foundation for any outrage, he’s a purchased tool.Beck said of Lee, “It is not acceptable to ask a moral, dignified man to cast his vote to help elect an immoral man who is absent decency or dignity. Trump is not an immoral man, as both of those judgmental hypocrites know. The objective is to sink Trump to make room for the establishment status quo, which is what he and little Mittens Romney are doing.Beck attempted to portray their treachery as the high road, saying, “If the consequence of standing against Trump and for principles is indeed the election of Hillary Clinton, so be it. At least it is a moral, ethical choice.” Voting for the most corrupt candidate in history, whose reckless disregard and carelessness has gotten Americans killed, who has had a Muslim Brotherhood operative in her office and probably her bed for over twenty years in Huma Abedin and betrayed this country for cash in our most sensitive areas is, in the opinion of “Crap Head Beck,” a moral, ethical choice.He babbled on, “If she is elected, the world does not end…. Once elected, Hillary can be fought. Her tactics are blatant and juvenile, and battling her by means of political and procedural maneuvering or through the media , through public marches and online articles, all of that will be moral, worthy of man of principal [sic]. Her nominees can be blocked, her proposed laws voted down.”This turncoat globalist shill claims we can count on the traitors, Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan, to effectively battle Hillary Clinton. We can trust them to stop her on Important issues such as Supreme Court nominees, when they gave away our Internet, approved Loretta Lynch, Jeh Johnson and John Kerry, wouldn’t fight amnesty, won’t impeach an illegal alien in the White House because he’s half black, uttered not a peep on the climate hoax deals and gave away their 2/3 ratification threshold on both the Iran deal and TPP. They wave a white flag before Obama gets to the “d” in surrender yet these charlatans are going to defend America from the Clinton crime syndicate?Sweet little innocent Glenn is willing to take that chance because that big bad man said some words he didn’t approve of. False moral high ground is more important than the future of our nation. As a slave to liberalism, he prefers to righteously lick his wounds as our children suffer, comfortable in the knowledge that he exacted his revenge on that “foul mouthed heathen” as they head off to work in the collective farms. That’s the premise although he expects to be saved from the farms, given one of those good jobs, like collecting the jewelry, gold teeth, or sorting the clothes of the patriots who are no more.Saying that if “one helps to elect an immoral man to the highest office, then one is merely validating his immorality, lewdness, and depravity,” Beck makes his pitch for removing Mr. Trump, which has been his position all along. We could replace him with…. maybe a Canadian. Maybe Ted Cruz is still available. Or the guy who lost last time, maybe he could win a three week campaign. That would be just the kind of respectability and sincerity that Senator Lee and Beck are looking for.Beck closed saying, “Trump stepping down does not guarantee a Clinton win, but it does guarantee that the Republican party still stands for something, still allows its members to maintain their own self respect and that it still has a future.”Actually it does guarantee a Clinton win as the lying political operative well knows and it’s probably the only way she can win. It’s also pretty obvious that the timing is orchestrated, as are his comments, in order to help the NWO globalists seal the deal and complete their destruction of America.Don’t worry about your self respect or future Mr. Beck. You lost both of those as well as your audience long ago, when you revealed your true self. By the way, Glenn, now that you’re all wrapped up in your morality and all, do you still hate the 9/11 families? Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.