You’d think by now that conveniently timed publicity GOTCHA! bombs would cease to give the mainstream media, the GOP, and the wussified men of America the vapors, but no.  The Hillary Clinton campaign released a locker room talk tape of Donald Trump speaking among men about women 11 YEARS AGO in what is considered “vulgar” language (that means common folk, but no one ever said elites were knowledgeable about linguistics) a little more than 48 hours before the second presidential debate.  In this audio, the nickname for a cat was used as an indicator of female genitalia.  (The beta males of the GOP seem to forget that there are much worse words to use when speaking of women’s parts.)  That alone, and talk of sex, supposedly disqualifies the man for the presidency.What would these people do if they ever went out for a night on the town with a Major League Baseball team?  Don’t answer that.  Come on, this was years ago, and the Donald probably didn’t even know it was being recorded.Within MINUTES of this release, every member of the DC Uniparty, including stalwart Trump backers, started calling for Trump to step down from the Republican Party nomination, as if being an alpha male, and shaking the tail feathers around other men was really objectionable in Washington.  (Do we really need to bring up the Capitol Hill sex grapevine?)  Even Speaker of the House Paul Ryan – a man who REALLY needs to go to Confession – betrayed Trump with that suggestion.Now, to the surprise of NO ONE who looked for the bombshell stories on Hillary and the Democrats that would be overshadowed by the tape release and the mass hysteria from the peanut gallery that refuses to take the blinders off and see that they are being played like a Stradivarius by the “gatekeepers” of information, word is sneaking out that the GOP knew what Hillary Clinton and her team were up to BECAUSE THEY WERE IN ON IT.(DC Whispers) Clinton operatives, alleged to be working in conjunction with the Washington Post, released a brief audio tape from eleven years ago that captures Donald Trump in some unsavory locker-room banter that included a reference to grabbing a certain part of the female anatomy. Multiple sources have now indicated this tape’s release was initiated weeks earlier, and that both House Speaker Paul Ryan and GOP Chair Reince Priebus, had been made aware of its intended use – and then failed to notify the Trump campaign, making them complicit in the Clinton Machine’s intent to harm the Trump campaign….Speaker Ryan was scheduled to do a political rally appearance with Trump today. Instead, he indicated he was disgusted and horrified by Trump’s naughty words from eleven years ago, and abruptly cancelled the appearance…. Apparently, that cancellation had been in the works all along so as to embarrass Trump.Uh-huh.  As if the alpha dogs out there actually have pristine mouths.  Having spent a fair amount of time around the people who think they rule the world…yeah, no.  And the beta males pulling this passive aggressive female-type shtuff (pardon my French), just confirms for all of us salt of the earth deplorables their duplicity.  We out here on the fruited plain care more about Hillary Clinton getting away with treason than we do Mr. Trump calling a woman’s parts a nickname for a cat.Sorry, y’all, but this one smells.  And it smells bad.  And not only that, the timing is so obvious that even the people in the checkout line at the grocery store said the tape’s effect was muffed.  (Oops.  Did I say that?)  And don’t think this is the end of the sabotage, either.  Many of us believe it’s just the beginning.