Hillary Health Video: Inappropriateness, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder and if you’re a supporter of global government and the establishment criminal syndicate that has hijacked and now poses as our government, there’s no place for truth. Google supports Clinton, Obama, Soros and the oligarchs so they do what they can on their behalf. There are reasons behind those weekly visits to the dingy-White House and censorship of what the peasant class is allowed to see and be exposed to must surely have been a topic of discussion at some point.As we know Hillary Clinton is the chosen heir to the throne of evil as the successor designate to the previous Soros puppet, Hussein Obama. Donald Trump made a video questioning Clinton’s suspect physical health and fitness for the office. There’s nothing unusual about that, it’s the type of thing candidates do these days; Clinton has a full library of her own attacking her opponent.The status of her failing health would be a legitimate question to ask of any candidate but particularly prudent given all of Clinton ‘s odd behavior and time spent away from the campaign, as well as her sudden, unexplained cancellations of fundraisers. That’s the equivalent of not picking up free money lying on the table, quite out of character for the greedy little bridge troll.Google’s protecting her from what they must have determined is a hurtful video, filled with hate speech that accurately depicts the fraud she’s attempting to perpetrate. The Clinton’s are indebted to Google for saving them from as much political pain as possible. While it would have been perhaps illegal or at best a blatant admission of their political agenda to completely remove the Trump video, they were able and more than willing to hide it, to make it more difficult to be seen.The Hillary Health Video was moved from the public, published listings to a non-published one. The video has a one word title of “Dangerous,” but a search for dangerous turns up only multiple word results, rap videos and the like. A search for Dangerous Trump predictably returns negative results about the people’s candidate.Going to the link directly, one sees a notice in a yellow ribbon, “This video is unlisted. Be considerate and think twice before sharing.” Of course Mr. Trump wants the video shared and Google knows that. It’s Clinton that wants to hide her health issues and for whom the video is being censored. Otherwise it’s a decent video but there’s nothing particularly noteworthy.Just the existence of questions being asked about her health was enough to prompt Google to censor and hide it. That reinforces what most of us already believe, Clinton’s suffering from serious health issues which the media, and that includes Google, are hiding from the public. She needs to be held accountable for the deception and the questions asked now. The American people want an unbiased medical team to evaluate her fitness, let’s see what they are so fearful of us finding out.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.