After Sunday’s debate, while on the flight headed towards what will probably be a hotel near her next event in Detroit, Hillary Clinton took a few minutes to chat it up with her public relations team, also sometimes referred to as the mainstream media.Answering a typical softball along the lines of “Mama Hillary, were you surprised by the way that mean old uppity Donald Trump talked to you tonight?” Clinton replied, “Nothing surprises me about him, really, Dan.” Of course Clinton never tells the truth but we can be fairly certain of one thing. That revelation he made that she’ll be facing a real investigation for her life of crime if he’s elected president was probably not something she expected when she first slithered into the debate arena.Trying to put the best face on what will be the first of many uncomfortable days for Mrs. Clinton over the next month, She said she “was surprised by the absolute avalanche of falsehoods.” The avalanche of falsehoods was hers, as is always the case. If she was surprised it was probably at how ineffective they were tonight. She might also have been caught off guard by the effectiveness of the return fire. Trump seemed to come armed with live ammo tonight instead of the customary rubber bullets and bean bag rounds.She might have underestimated the veracity of the response to her Billy Bush Ambush video attack. Clinton should have exercised more caution in the selection of a proper stick for poking the bear. This one was either too big or she hit the wrong spot. Now he’s angry and she’s got a real fight on her hands.As her eyes bug out in what has become the new “normal” for Clinton, she tells the reporters that she finds it “really unimaginable that someone can stand and just tell, you know, a falsehood after a falsehood.” Why is that so hard for her to believe? She does it multiple times a day. Has she never reviewed any of her videos? Is her mind so far gone that she doesn’t remember her last conversation or speech?It would be hard to imagine Trump doing it, but that isn’t what she said. She said someone and she is someone. Not a very trustworthy, honest, likable or leadership fit someone, but someone nonetheless. She’s someone who just got their butt handed to them on a debate and whose scrutiny over the next few weeks is going to become a lot more intense and a lot less comfortable.She enlists her assistants in the media to lend their “credibility” to her weak argument, asking them if they remember Politifact claiming that Donald Trump is untruthful seventy percent of the time and stating that he exceeded that level tonight. She wants people to fact-check because she doesn’t have a lie to counter Trump’s truths. They’re working on that now, so “check the website.” Hers are clearly made up figures whether the media sycophants and her paid yes men nodding behind her care to admit it or not.Her fawning media may need a third party service to tell them what is true and what isn’t because they’re too ignorant of the facts to do it on their own. Trump supporters are different. We’re informed and he was right about everything. That includes the orange jumpsuit in Hillary Clinton’s future.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.