Huckabee Sets Trump Straight: Governor Mike Huckabee believes that Donald Trump is on to something, though it might arguably not be where he should be devoting as much of his attention as he is. He notes, “The media is in an absolute frenzy to do everything they can to destroy the man. I mean, they sat on this stuff for years and they waited until just before the election to try to release it and then they play it nonstop.”Huckabee says, “And voices far more objective than mine, media critics and others, have recognized journalism in this country is dead as we used to know it. There is no such thing; it’s all advocacy. Now, what I wish Donald Trump would do, let surrogates fight the press. He needs to fight the battle for Americans on jobs and immigration.”Huckabee sets Trump straight he says if Trump calls him today that’s what he’ll tell him. “You go out there and fight the people’s battles, because they’re sick of open borders and they know with Hillary the Second Amendment, Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment are all on the table. They know with Hillary that abortion is going to be more prolific than ever. They know that with Hillary taxes go up, they know that our national security interests go down, that Israel can’t depend, I mean we could go through a litany.”“Focus on those things,” Huckabee says, “and remind people that this election is not about something Donald Trump said 11 years ago, this is about the future of the country.MacCallum comes up with a supposed concern of the American people that Trump would go down rabbit holes in the White House. That’s a new one, she must have thought long and hard to come up with that one. Why not shut the constant criticism and try applauding Mr. Trump for standing up to this onslaught, Martha? Or are you in the tank for Clinton as well?If he doesn’t defend himself at least to a point, the media will adopt that as a validation that it’s working and add his silence to the narrative as “proof” that the false allegations are true. There is a fine line and he’s trying to walk it. The media is being shown for who they are, Clinton and the crooked Democrats are being similarly exposed.At some point the American people have to have enough sense to arrive at the obvious conclusion. Or maybe they are too far gone. Regardless, more Trump bashing by the formerly fair and balance Fox News isn’t helping the problem.Huckabee’s right, but a little positive press wouldn’t hurt now and then. He points out that as the nominee of the Republican Party, “they hate his guts.” It’s worse in the case of Trump, as he brings with him the destruction of the system of cronyism the media and their masters have constructed for the security and extension of their positions and power.“This is not a mild sort of gee, we don’t really like him, as we may have seen with other Republicans. They absolutely loathe Donald Trump.” The American people absolutely revere him and it’s still our country, for one more election.Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.comPlease like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.