When a nation has a government of criminals it’s to be expected that they are going to use their positions to engage in criminal activity. At no time in America’s history has that stark reality been more true than under the outlaw Obama regime. Donald Trump met with ICE officers and union officials to discuss the abuse of power the Obama regime is engaging in, when the subject of the outright voter fraud being committed by the pretend ‘president’ and his DHS henchmen was raised.Trump, who was meeting with and receiving the first-ever endorsement of a presidential candidate by the ICE union, is picked up by one of the cameras in a conversation with one of the union representatives who is also a CBP agent.Trump asked why the illegal aliens with criminal records aren’t being kicked out and why are they kicked out and why the big rush to get them citizenship. The ICE official told him the reason is, “simply so they can vote.”After expressing his mild astonishment, Trump clarifies, “So they can come into the country so they can vote, how can something like this happen? It’s a disgrace.” He was told, “It’s happening.” As verification, the host offers a current situation in Indiana in which in over half of the counties the state police are investigating voter fraud. She also points out that no ID is necessary for mail-in voting.Varney would presume that this abuse of the system by the Democrats would put this issue on the forefront of discussion for Sunday. Matt Schlapp believes it will, asking “What is more sacred than assuring we have the right to vote.” The problem is that nothing is sacred to the Democrats and the establishment elites other than their power and wealth theft mechanisms.Varney is annoyed as are many other people by the Democrats immediately placing a label of bigot upon anyone who wants to protect the integrity of the electoral process by requiring an ID.  Schlapp notes that everything of importance that is done in our society is subject to proof of identification except for voting. It’s wrong to have even the risk of fraudulent voting, including multiple votes. In what is likely to be a close election, Schlapp says it is vital that the integrity of the count and the validity of the ballots cast be beyond reproach. We’re not even close; the Democrats have the steal on.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.