A techie from Bangalore has slipped into depression after he was unable to watch the launch of PSLV satellites as he was stuck in a traffic jam near Silk Board junction when the event took place.The techie, Surash Baliga, who also happens to be an astronomy enthusiast, was waiting for this day for a long time and was planning to watch the launch live on television, but things did not turn out the way they were supposed to. By the time he managed to cross 100 meters at Silk Board junction, the satellite was not only launched but it also reached the orbit and started forecasting weather.On Monday morning, Mr. Baliga left his house from Indiranagar at around 8:00 AM so that he could reach office on time to watch the event in the cafeteria and cheer for ISRO. He crossed Domlur flyover at 8:20 AM and was confident to be in front of the television before the countdown began. He flicked his hair with a toss of head and hummed, “Bharat humko jaan se pyara hai [India is dearer to me than life]” God, however, had some other plans for him.As he reached Madiwala, he noticed a sea of motionless cars in front of him. He tried to count, in vain, for the simple reason that human brain cannot process numbers beyond a certain point. “Damn, it’s easier to launch a satellite from India than drive on the roads,” he grunted.The light turned green and he pressed the accelerator hard, only for 3 meters as it turned red again. The process continued for another half an hour till he could actually see the signal. Meanwhile, he read on his Twitter timeline that the satellite was launched successfully. He was devastated, yet he did not give up hopes of watching the remaining part of the telecast.Signal turned green and he could see a 2-meter empty space in front of him. He looked at the auto driver on his right, and the auto driver looked at him. Three bikers gave him menacing glares from the left. It was a war now. You need to be at the top of your game to occupy that space. With a combination of salsa and jazz moves, the auto driver turned the handle 90 degrees and occupied that spot. The signal turned red again. Damn!A crow flew past his window. “Lucky you,” he muttered.The clock struck 12 and he reached the signal. There were only two cars in front of him. ‘This is it. My moment of glory.’ He waited for the light to turn green. His right foot trembling on the accelerator in anticipation…and it turned green. The two cars flew past the signal and it was his turn now. As his car reached the crossing, a cow came in from nowhere and stood in front of his car.“Hello, please move. Just give me two seconds and I will cross the signal. You can come back and block the road again once I am gone,” he implored.‘Am I being a bit selfish? To hell with it. That’s how everyone thinks at a traffic signal,’ he assured himself.The cow didn’t understand the magnitude of the situation and just stared back at him, and then slowly sat on the road. The signal turned red again. And suddenly, a plethora of tweets started popping up on his timeline. ISRO had announced that the launch had been successful and the satellite was in the orbit now.Crestfallen, he reclined in his seat and scrolled through the tweets. There was one tweet from Narendra Modi, congratulating the team of ISRO. ‘Nautanki,’ he grumbled, ‘Pakistan is planning to attack India and this guy is celebrating the launch of a satellite that will forecast weather.” He RTed.