A major scuffle broke out between the incarnation of Maharaja Jai Singh II, the original owner of Jantar Mantar and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday over the rights to use Jantar Mantar. However, the property dispute was later resolved when Mr. Kejriwal decided to leave the place and protest at Red Fort.Maharaja Jai Singh II, who built Jantar Mantar in 1724, had reincarnated in 1967, and has been keeping an eye on his property for the past few decades from a tea stall across the road.He was delighted to see tourists from all over the world coming in to admire the structure he constructed, and his self-esteem had hit an all time high when he learned from the tea stall owner that his Jantar Mantar is one of the most popular tourist attractions in India.However, for the past few years, he started to become a bit wary of a muffler-clad gentleman sneaking into the premise on a regular basis with a group of people. Initially he gave him the benefit of the doubt assuming they were just a group of theater artists hired by the administrators to entertain the tourists, but soon he realized that the man was popping up almost every day.“Damn, even I didn’t come here that often when I was the king,” grumbled Mr. Singh.And on Saturday when Mr. Kejriwal sauntered to Jantar Mantar again after breakfast, he said, “Enough is enough,” and decided to confront him.He patiently waited at the gate and when Mr. Kejriwal was leaving the ground after dharna, he stopped him and asked, “What are you doing here?”Mr. Kejriwal was dumbfounded by the question. He was not expecting anyone to question his rights to enter the place he belongs to, and he mumbled,”Umm, protesting.”“What?”“We…ahem,” he cleared his throat and said, “We are protesting.”“Fine, but why here?”“This is the place where we come to when we have to protest. This is where magic happens.”“Go and protest elsewhere.”“Where else can we go?”“Protest in your house, your office, or go to JNU, but stay away from my property.”“Your property? Does this place have an owner?”“Yes, I own this place.”“Hello, this is our official protest venue and we will protest here.”Mr. Singh lost his cool. He grabbed him by the collar and pushed him to the ground.“Oh, I get it, a Modi agent!” said Kejriwal, a hint of rabid glee on his face. “Go and tell your boss that Kejriwal is not scared of anyone,” he hollered.The news spread like wildfire and AAP supporters started tweeting about how Modi is not letting Kejriwal work. A few articles were hurriedly published about the emergency like situation created by Modi.Meanwhile, a couple of policemen heard the commotion at the ground and rushed to the scene, screaming, “Ink attack, ink attack.”“No, but it’s an attack on democracy. He is not letting me protest here,” Kejriwal pointed to Jai Singh.“But why cannot he protest? He lives here,” one of the policemen asked Maharaja Jai Singh and then turned to Kejriwal and inquired, “You own this place, right?”“Umm, no.”“Then?”“No, I mean, there are open spaces, ideal for protests and no one stops us so…”“Then you cannot use this place,” asserted the police inspector.“If Delhi police were under the control of AAP, I would’ve suspended you and this guy would’ve been behind the bars.”“You mean he would’ve been giving company to your MLAs?” they giggled.Kejriwal glared daggers at the policemen. “Fine, I am leaving. I will go to Red Fort.”“Why do you need to protest at historical places?”“Because I will create history!” he avowed and left for Red Fort.He was later seen at Red Fort practicing Independence Day Speech from the ramparts.