John Bolton: Evidence has surfaced of yet more impropriety at the most corrupt agency of the federal government outside of the White House and DOJ, the State Department. Patrick Kennedy, one of only six Undersecretaries of State, made multiple offers to the FBI in an attempt to have the classified markings stripped from some emails.The State Department spokesliar, John Kirby, assumed the familiar position of denying any wrongdoing involving State Department employees, admitting that Patrick Kennedy did discuss the classifications with the FBI, but it was merely for the purposes of clarification.
Former UN Ambassador John Bolton, who was once held the position of Undersecretary of State himself, labeled the events “extraordinarily serious.” He says, “The fact that the trade wasn’t made doesn’t detract from that, attempted bribery is just as much a crime as actual bribery.” Bolton compares what was happening in this instance with the selling of a Senate seat by former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich, for which he went to prison.Bolton says, “What Patrick Kennedy was trading here was slots for the FBI in American embassies overseas. It may not sound like much but in the bureaucracy that was golden too.” Bolton, having held the position as well himself, believes that Kennedy “is really the circuit breaker between the State Department bureaucracy and Hillary Clinton.” Bolton believes he was communicating what was going on with Clinton and her staff, that they knew what was going on and if “if they didn’t they were asleep at the switch.”Bolton becomes animated at this latest instance of blatant corruption within the administration, saying, “This is attempted bribery. It is inconceivable to me that a State Department official could do this. You can’t change the classification of information, whether it’s a document or some other tangible form, for any reason other than a change in the circumstances that gave rise to the classification in the first place.”“This Patrick Kennedy was doing a political task,” says Bolton, “for Hillary Clinton, trading on government information and government resources, the slots in the overseas embassies. So this was bribery with your taxpayer assets at stake. It’s just, he should be removed from office. Certainly if I tried to do that I would have been removed.Hemmer asks if the unthinkable happens and the criminal wins in 21 days, “What is the hangover from these allegations?” Bolton replies, “I think it means that all of the questions about her conduct at the State Department continue. Remember, another aspect of Patrick Kennedy, he was deeply involved in Benghazi. He is the person who appointed the accountability review board that exonerated Hillary Clinton of any wrongdoing in connection with Benghazi and any incompetence without even every bothering to interview her.”Bolton adds, “And the emails in question that he was trying to trade on were Benghazi related emails. This cries out for the State Department not going into a defensive crouch but opening this up, because the conduct is unacceptable.”Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.