Actor and patriot Jon Voight has an urgent plea for America, as he tries to talk some sense into the masses who don’t realize what is happening. They are stumbling along mindlessly, unaware of the serious threat we are all under. The threat of globalism and the death of our nation, brought about with the election of Hillary Clinton. He says:My dear fellow Americans. We are all feeling tremendous anxiety with only a few weeks left until the election. This will be the most important election in American history. We were once a country of freedom and now we are becoming a country of tyranny. We are witness to our own people burning down and looting our cities, Ferguson, Missouri, Milwaukee, Orlando Florida, Baltimore. We are all witness to our own people killing our policemen. Islamic terrorists have killed thousands of people all over our country and Hillary and Obama want to be politically correct and pretend all of the killings are not happening.How many Americans are aware of George Soros? An evil man who turned hundreds of Jewish people over to the Nazis to be exterminated during World War ll. He was interviewed on 60 Minutes and was asked does he feel guilty for what he has done. And arrogantly he said, ‘Absolutely not. If I didn’t do it someone else would have.’ Soros is a billionaire who made most of his money manipulating currencies and almost bankrupting many countries. He supports hate groups who are responsible for taking down our cities. And he is a close friend of Hillary Clinton and a major supporter of her campaign.Robert De Niro is a millionaire, as are so many of our Hollywood stars who are voting for Hillary and who have absolutely no tolerance for anyone of a different opinion, forgetting that that is what our country is founded on, freedom of choice. But they will not be affected by Hillary’s open borders. Only our poor and middle class will suffer. Thousands of refugees will flood our nation and no one will know the good guys from the bad guys.It will kill our economy, which is at an all-time low now under the years of Obama’s ‘presidency.’ And Hillary boasts of how proud she will be to continue Obama’s legacy. No one can afford health insurance now, prices for healthcare, gone through the roof thanks to Obamacare. Our once reasonable healthcare is gone.With Hillary as president we will lose our Second Amendment with our right to bear arms. Freedom of religion will be attacked. And Hillary will try to stop all conservative voices on TV and radio. Our highest courts will become socialist and she will restrict what America was founded on, our freedom to become a small business owner and pursue our own personal dreams.She has blood on her hands from the Benghazi terrorist raid. Four of our American patriots died and when their parents stood over their loved ones’ coffins, she lied to them about the cause of their sons’ deaths.The pendulum of freedom is not balanced. Hillary and her followers are on a crude campaign to stop and degrade all of Trump’s followers. Her words were echoed loud and clear for all Americans to hear. Hillary said Trump’s followers are a basket of deplorables, they are unredeemable. May God protect the real truth. And may Donald Trump win this presidency. He will save our America. And he will certainly make it great again.