Judge Jeanine Pirro tries to put the Trump “Billy Bush and the Bus Bimbo” video issue into perspective, having too much character and love of country to now throw Donald Trump under that infamous bus. She describes Mr. Trump’s language in the strong terms that her audience expects, whether that is her own feelings or not. Some people feel it’s completely over blown while some are horrified and are still dipping peroxide soaked Q-tips into their ear canals to regain their purity. She’s seems to be trying to find a midpoint from which she can help her audience get on to more important issues.She says, “The statements are devastating, the words are disgusting, it is awful, it is the kind of language that none of us want to hear. But let me put this in perspective for you. It was eleven years ago with a man who was in television. Sounds like a couple of locker room rants with a couple of guys egging each other on.”She points out, “But here is the bottom line, I don’t know if anybody is really so stunned by this that it deserves the wall to wall coverage that it’s getting, and I’m going to get to Hillary in a minute. But the most important part of all of this is it was eleven years ago. We’ve now got a man who apologized and to some people it wasn’t a sufficient enough apology. Ok, I’m sure that he’s going to probably do more in the next 24 hours.”She says, “But the bottom line is this. America’s in a mess, who do you want? Do you want a guy who’s got a past, who admits to you that he’s got a past, he didn’t plan to run for president? Or do you want a smooth-talking woman who hides everything that she says, denies the truth until it’s put in front of her and then she’ll still deny it, saying don’t believe your lying eyes?“We’ve got problems in this country,” says Judge Jeanine, “we’ve got problems with jobs, with ISIS, we want to take care of our families, we don’t want our kids to be in debt for the next two generations. And you know what, if you want things the way [they are] well then you go right ahead and ignore what WikiLeaks did and released about Hillary Clinton’s smooth talking. And you know who should be furious right now? The Bernie Sanders supporters should be furious. They are the ones who got taken by Hillary Clinton.”She says Donald Trump needs to get aggressive, that he needs to show several sides of himself in the debate. He needs to show that he’s embarrassed and sorry but then turn it around into the fact that he didn’t plan to run for president and he’s the one who can fix our lives, that he’s doing it for the country and really doesn’t “need this crap,” to be honest. He’s already got it all.Clinton on the other hand, needs this job, although she’s got her unsavory millions, the source of that money is her sale of government and that money flow could dry up rather quickly once she’s out of politics.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.