Former Supreme Court Judge, Markandey Katju, who follows the dictum, “Shoot from the hip first, and ask questions later”, recently outdid himself. He exhorted the Government to give Kashmir away to Pakistan, with the astonishing proviso, that Bihar should also be offered as a gift package deal! If Pakistan declined the Bihar offer, there would be no deal. The good judge is now being hauled off to court on sedition charges, and the resultant judicial battle promises to provide spicy copy for the media to wallow in.The UnReal Times (URT) caught up with the unflappable Justice Katju, and posed a few googlies, which he faced with characteristic aplomb:-URT – “Justice Katju, your recent remark on offering Bihar along with Kashmir to Pakistan, was so side splittingly funny and a telling commentary on the state of Bihar, but the Bihar state government don’t seem to see the funny side of it.”Markandey Katju (MK) – “I have always maintained that Indians lack a sense of humour. We have no idea how to laugh at ourselves. Perhaps the Sikhs are an exception, god bless them. I miss Khushwant Singh’s columns. Didn’t we learn anything from 300 years of British rule?”URT – “Point well made Sir, but coming back to your remark, satirical or not, offering Bihar to Pakistan was a bit off, wouldn’t you say? Not quite the straight bat”.MK – “Well, if we must speak in cricketing analogies, the straight bat is history now. What with T20 and IPL, cross bat is the name of the game. I did play across the line this time, and the Biharis were very cross. That is their problem. I could have gone for other strong contenders like UP or Bengal, but which other state could lay claim to have had an ex officio Chief Minister, running the state under house arrest, while his wife thumb prints all the official papers as CM from her rasoi ghar? That is a game changer”.URT – “Cogently argued Sir, as befits a former judge. You have also incurred the wrath of many in India, when you said that you found nothing wrong in eating beef. You were really pushing the envelope when you likened the cow to any other animal. Religious sentiments, and all that”.MK – “My friend, I am a self avowed atheist, so religion simply doesn’t come into the equation. Some religions don’t allow beef, others don’t allow pork, tomorrow somebody else will start worshipping goats, fish and fowl and ban their consumption. Where will we go then? Starve to death?”URT – “With respect Sir, we can be vegetarians”.MK – “What? You want me to eat ghaas phoos? And by the way, do you know how much vegetables cost these days? Every day we read about the price of onions and tomatoes zooming up, up and away. At least petrol prices go down now and then. By the way, are you a vegetarian?”URT – “I come from vegetarian Brahmin stock Sir, but I am somewhat lapsed. I eat eggs.”MK – “That’s another joke. Vegetarians think it’s all right to eat eggs, but not chicken. Look, how did we get to all this chicken and egg stuff. I thought we were discussing Bihar and Pakistan”.URT – “ We were Sir, but somehow we jumped to beef politics. I also have many questions to ask you about atheism, but I’ll have to keep it for another day. I have to file this report right away”.MK – “ Any time young man. Would you like to come out for a drink? I am buying. Hesitation? Don’t drink on duty? You can always have a nimboo pani, yaar. No? I don’t know what the world is coming to”.