John Kerry is attempting to convince the American people that the Russians are behind the WikiLeaks document dumps and the hacks which are exposing the hypocrisy, deceit, bad intentions, crimes and treason of Hillary Clinton. While critical, he hasn’t said that the contents of the WikiLeaks documents aren’t genuine. He knows they’re legit or he would have long ago made that point through one of his spokespersons.For some reason they’ve decided that claiming the Russians are guilty of provocation and possible interference provides them with the best way of protecting their corrupt little operation. Kerry and the regime are rapidly ticking up the rhetoric with Russia over both the situation in Syria and the November elections. There is no shortage of bad men on the planet doing evil things. What is it about Assad and his country that make it such an obsession with the Obama globalists? What do they really want to arrange before the elections or before Obama is turned out?Kerry is now threatening Putin, both regarding Syria and Aleppo as well as warning that the US will retaliate if Russia meddles in our election. They are putting the idea into everybody’s head that Russia poses such a real threat that the regime is willing to go to war over it. Of course they’re even more likely to go to war over illegitimate non-threats that offer personal enrichment opportunities.Kerry engaged in some incoherent tough guy talk, saying, “We released this information to put the people doing it on a notice that they’re not, quote, ‘getting away with it’ for free, as well as to put states on notice that we’re serious when we say they need to take every measure possible to guarantee the integrity of our elections. And we will and can respond in ways that we choose to at the time of our choice.” He made his meandering comments Monday at The Internet Association’s Virtuous Cycle Conference.Obama made the same kind of statement the previous day, an indication that they are up to something. Coordinated messages are a preferred method of preparing the citizenry for an imminent Obama abuse. Kerry put on his “it’s different when we do it hat,” saying, “What makes the Russian thing so different is that I don’t think any of us engaged previously in democratic exercise where we actually tried to change the votes somehow by co-opting the counting process.” He may have found a niche that we have yet to exploit, it’s doubtful, but it’s a totally meaningless distinction. There is no disputing America’s long history of intervention in foreign elections and regime change.Kerry then addressed the topic but not specifics of actions by the Obama regime to intervene in the elections in other nations, such as Israel where Obama sent Alinsky style operatives in an operation called V15 to organize an opposition against Netanyahu. He admitted the US has tried to  “affect outcomes” of foreign elections, but argued for a distinction between American information-sharing and direct hacks. Nice sounding names make everything all better.The rest of his comments were more of the sort of aimless ramblings of somebody who has no chance of talking his way sensibly out of the jam he’s in, who babbles as a defense to confuse everybody into losing track of where they were and how he started his paragraph.Kerry proclaimed, “But that said, this ain’t the first time countries, ours included, have tried to affect outcomes of governments or – in one part of the world or another. I mean, go back to Iran in 1953 when Mosaddegh was run out by the CIA and Kermit Roosevelt and – we were engaged in changing government, or Diem in Vietnam when we – so there’s a history of involvement. And some people argue to me as secretary of state when I visit their countries that legitimate national institutions of ours like the National Democratic Institute or the International Republican Institute are engaged in that kind of activity.”He added, “People are in fact trying to close down the legitimate exchange of ideas, which is not what the Russians were engaged in, but we had engaged in the legitimate exchange of ideas and they label it ‘interference’ in their campaign, which is the difference.”“And that’s one of the reasons why we wanted to make clear people understood that distinction, because we don’t do those old things that used to happen. That is not a government role and it’s been, I think, for some period of time not something that we’re engaged in.”How long ago was Obama, Clinton and McCain’s little adventure in Ukraine, Kerry? Was that before or after Obama stopped doing “those old things?” Was Libya before or after? Egypt? And opposing Britain’s vote to leave the EU, Obama? Guess Kerry’s still has some more “making clear” to do.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.