Okay, so the email in question, written by Bill Ivey at Global Cultural Strategies to Clinton Campaign guy John Podesta, and found in one of the Wikileaks dumps over the weekend, didn’t say “keep the populace stupid” in those words.  But it did talk about keeping We the People in the dark, and manipulating public opinion by presenting information as the Clinton campaign and the surrounding apparatus would like the world to know it in order to keep us all under control. Read:And as I’ve mentioned, we’ve all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking – and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging.What Ivey, Bill Clinton’s Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts, was expressing to Podesta was the challenge in fighting a celebrity-driven campaign, as Donald Trump’s is still seen to be.  That sort of campaign, Ivey lamented, was actually identified by John F. Kennedy, Jr., in his short-lived publication, “George.”  This is the sort of campaign that would ultimately by-pass all efforts of the leftist propaganda machine.  In the case of Trump, though, the Clintons came up against a formidable opponent who worked to reverse just about all of their work.Well, we all thought the big problem for our US democracy was Citizens United/Koch Brothers big money in politics. Silly us; turns out that money isn’t all that important if you can conflate entertainment with the electoral process. Trump masters TV, TV so-called news picks up and repeats and repeats to death this opinionated blowhard and his hairbrained ideas, free-floating discontent attaches to a seeming strongman and we’re off and running.Marvelous, isn’t it?Trump’s “hair brained ideas” happen to jive, align and otherwise dovetail with what the American people were all concluding at the same time he was starting to develop in-depth policy papers on the topics that concern us all.  Obamacare IS a disaster for the people and the country.  We DO want some sort of secure border between the southern states and Mexico.  Manufacturing jobs HAVE left the country in droves since NAFTA was signed.  Veterans ARE getting the shaft and shoddy care.  The list goes on and on.How does this get handled in the general? Secretary Clinton is not an entertainer, and not a celebrity in the Trump, Kardashian mold; what can she do to offset this? I’m certain the poll-directed insiders are sure things will default to policy as soon as the conventions are over, but I think not.To an extent, We the People all knew this was happening, and now we know there was a concerted effort to depress the air of patriotism among the people in order to keep us all under control.  To what end…theft of rights, prosperity, freedoms – any or all of the above.  This is known as manipulation of public opinion, and, yes, the fake media polls that all the pundits use to bolster their narrative are part of it.