In a written petition via Change.org, as many as 420 Indian liberals from a group named “Liberals for Indian Equality & Secularism” (LIES) have urged the National Aeronautical Space Agency to release a satellite map highlighting pollution all over India, during the Hindu festival of lights, Diwali. According to the petition, the map would go a long way in effectively eradicating the menace of pollution, which according to them, was largely due to the festival.A copy of the petition has been provided to us by The UnReal Times’ liberal beat reporter Christopher Ali Kumar, who himself is one of its signatories:“Respected Mr. Bolden,We are a group of concerned Indian citizens, who have united to seek your assistance in order to once and for all eradicate the catastrophic menace of pollution due to the Hindu festival called Diwali. Diwali, which is the festival of lights, has unfortunately been misappropriated by the communal, right-wing, divisive, Hindutva forces who viciously pollute the atmosphere, scare away and even injure poor, defenseless animals and birds with their egregious bursting of crackers and fireworks. Often, these majoritarian celebrations have gone overboard and out of control, disturbing the peaceful minorities, unsettling secularism and communal harmony, which are the foundations for the very idea of India. Accidental injuries to their own selves too have proved to be of no avail when it comes to curbing these detrimental ceremonies. Pardon the pun, Mr. Bolden, but the fact that they have a favorable Prime Minister in Narendra Modi only seems to have emboldened them all the more.All this is notwithstanding the fact that India’s national capital is already among the world’s most polluted cities. We recently determined that despite multiple statements of denials from your agency, a satellite map of India purported to be released by your esteemed organization, still continues to go viral every year, during this season and otherwise. Given the unmitigated response that the image has been getting for over a decade now, we beseech your organization to consider releasing a satellite map depicting India’s alarming, fatal pollution levels during the Diwali season. We are of the strong, firm belief that such an image would dramatically and remarkably pay off in wiping away the gross misfortune of Diwali pollution.If releasing such a map would be too much trouble, we are absolutely okay even with a hoax image which you could ‘leak.’ We could take it forward from there and ensure a significant impact.While it is real journalism to convey facts, it is courageous, important journalism to drive home a narrative for the betterment of people and like on countless other occasions, we firmly believe that, this time too, thanks to the prevalent, highly polluted atmosphere in India, the latter requires our unstinting support.Looking forward to your cooperation and support,Warm regards, LIES”According to Kumar, another petition is in the works urging the UNESCO to declare Diwali as the most polluting festival.