Barun Kashyap, the “Creative” Director who alleged that some gaurakshaks harassed him for carrying a leather bag is currently being charged for cooking up whole story as a excuse for being late to work. As expected this has not gone down well with Internet Hindus who are bashing him left and right for lying. Because of this man’s “creative story” and the subsequent reports by sections of the media resulted in the police wasting lot of resources to investigate it.Undeterred by the mounting criticism on the “Creative Director”, liberals have taken a leaf out of Modi’s book and declared the entire episode as a pre-emptive surgical strike to prevent possible future harassment by Gaurakshaks.A liberal, speaking to our correspondent Ashwin Kumar who had gone to pose for a selfie with him, had this to say: “Since Modi became PM, there are so many gaurakshaks waiting in their launchpads to pounce on all right thinking people with liberal values. So Barun has effectively launched a pre-emptive strike with this story to thwart any such possible attacks. I see him as an alert good samaritan who has strengthened the cause of fighting the evil designs of RSS and its affiliates.”“This episode not only demonstrates that Barun is an effective creative director but also shows his concern for a free and liberal society. It also throws light on police’s preparedness to handle such situations which are anyway rising at alarming rate since Modi became PM,” said another liberal.“Why is that when the Indian army conducts a surgical strike against terrorists, the country hails it, but when a free-thinking liberal does something similar against gaurakshaks, who, let’s face it, are even more dangerous than cross-border terrorists, everyone throws a fit?” asked another liberal, downing another glass of single malt scotch.Yet another liberal said, “People who identify themselves with liberal values will rally behind Barun for daring to stand against gaurakshaks and their evil master. This could very well turn into a huge movement, possibly civil disobedience, which will culminate in Modi’s resignation. After Hardik Patel and Kanhaiya Kumar, Barun is turning out to be a challenger Modi simply cannot ignore.”Meanwhile, NDTV’s Barkha Dutt is reportedly trying to learn Barun’s father’s occupation.(Reported by Citizen Satirist Raveesh Kote. He blogs here.)