A major first time occurrence took place at the Sunday presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton when the Republican nominee informed his Democrat lifelong criminal adversary that she’d be facing a DOJ investigation when he wins the presidency.Donald Trump took the microphone in hand, and told the audience and his opponent, “I didn’t think I’d say this but I’m going to say it and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my Attorney General to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation.”Mr. Trump continued, “Because there has never been so many lies, so much deception, there has never been anything like it. And we’re going to have a special prosecutor.” Clinton almost seems to find what Trump is saying to be humorous as she breaks into a big defensive smile. It’s more likely a nervous response of some sort, kind of like her odd cackles she developed before learning that Comey was in the bag for her. Now she’s probably a little unsure what to do with herself, faced with this new, unprecedented development.Trump lays into her, saying, “When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long-term workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this where emails, and you get a subpoena and after getting a subpoena you delete 33,000 emails. And then you acid wash them or bleach them as you would say. A very expensive process.”All the while he’s talking she maintains the same stupid grin on her face. He says, “So we’re going to get a special prosecutor and we’re going to look into it. People have been, their lives have been destroyed for doing 1/5th of what you’ve done and it’s a disgrace. And honestly, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.”She then stuck her foot in her mouth as she attempted to extricate herself from the hot seat, saying, “It’s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country.” He quipped beautifully a response, “Because you’d be in jail.”Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.