2016 is turning into a doozy of an election year. Not only have the old-guard GOP establishment candidates been vanquished by somebody who made billions despite all their regulations, one of the progressive darlings of the Senate is suddenly in the sights of a man who has far better name recognition.Former baseball pitching great, Curt Schilling of the Philadelphia Phillies and the Boston Red Sox, has decided he’d like to go to bat with the big boys on Capitol Hill.  The next Senate seat available in his state, Massachusetts, is Elizabeth Warren’s, she of claimed Native American heritage fame.  (This writer has ONE Native American up the family tree, too, but we’re still your basic Irish French Spanish Celts with a touch of Austro and Frank.)There’s only one problem with Schilling’s quest for Washington.Well, Curt, please, have that little conference because We the People would love to see a genuine American man go up against Fauxcahontas and come out on top…wait, that came out wrong.Schilling has flirted with a political run for years, having been floated as a potential candidate since his retirement after the conclusion of his big-league career in 2008. The pitcher has also expressed interest in running for president.One thing at a time, there, big guy.  (And don’t forget Major League Baseball could use a decent commissioner.)Schilling supports Donald Trump for president, and has been in hot water with media types who think its their job to expose all things private for having a conversation with The Donald about a woman ten years younger.  He also is known to defend women who are put in vulnerable positions, even being fired by his previous employer, ESPN, for his stance against transexuals in the women’s rest room.Schilling was fired by his previous employer, ESPN, where he served as an analyst, for sharing a Facebook post featuring a man dressed as a woman and commenting that “a man is a man no matter what they call themselves.”He shared the post to express his support for laws prohibiting transgender individuals from using the bathroom of their choice.“I don’t care what they are, who they sleep with, men’s room was designed for the penis, women’s not so much,” the post continued. “Now you need laws telling us differently? Pathetic.”For that stance alone, Schilling is bound to get quite a bit of cheerleading from the fruited plain.2016 is just the beginning.  The people have had enough.