Michael Savage Presents Evidence The Media Wants You To STAY HOME on 11/08/16Michael Savage comments on a WikiLeaks document drop that shows collusion between the Clinton campaign and the media to try and take out any opposition. He says, “That is something that was done and is done only in third-world dictatorships.Michael Savage notes that the US Navy is launching strikes against targets in Yemen after their failed attempts to sink three of our ships, but the media is bombarding us with incessant reporting that Donald Trump said some really naughty things.Is that what you’re supposed to worry about? Now the old hags are amazingly coming out of the woodwork to accuse him of groping them, groping them so many years ago. Why is it happening now? How come the very same offended media types had nothing to say when Bill Clinton was accused of raping several women and having many affairs right in the Oval Office?” He asks similar questions about the legendary womanizing of John F. Kennedy and about Ted “the drunk” Kennedy, who left Mary Jo Kopechne to drown after he ran a road and into a pond on  Chappaquiddick Island. He was still revered later as the “Lion of the Senate” in spite of having cowardly run off and left the dying woman until she was discovered the following day.Pointing to the hypocrisy of the left, Savage says, “You see the world is burning and it’s about to get worse. And we have a choice, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. Who do you trust most with the country at this critical moment? He notes that many of his listeners have become disheartened because of the piling on that is taking place, “by the lowest of the human species, the Wolf Blitzers, the Jake Tappers. I can name them all, it doesn’t matter what I say about them, they are paid operatives of the Democrat socialist machine.”“They are leading you to believe that the election is already over,” says Savage. “They want you to believe that Trump can’t win. They want to dishearten you so that you don’t even vote because they know that the entire election hinges upon the voter turnout. Democrats understand that, that’s why they’re working the crowds.”He continues, “That’s why they’re working the gutters, that’s why they’re working the prisons, that’s why they’re working the swamps. That’s why the demon in the White House is flooding America with illegal aliens. That’s why they’ve eliminated voter ID, in order to get voter turnout for the most corrupt, criminal woman to have ever gotten this close to the White House.”“And what they want you to feel is that it’s over and you can’t win so why vote, while the exact opposite is true. Not only must you vote, you must actually get out the vote,” says Savage. “You must speak to others on the other side of the aisle, those of you who understand what is at stake. And you must tell them that everything is at stake, because the Democrats are practicing a scorched earth policy on America.”He adds, “And should she win, all Hell will break loose in this nation.”Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.