Trump: The orchestration is obvious as is the intent by the establishment politicians to discredit and destroy Mr. Trump. He’s the obstacle to their being able to complete the destruction of this nation so they’ll do whatever it takes to eliminate him.If Obama had put this much effort into fighting ISIS or really stimulating the economy he’d actually be leaving behind a legacy of accomplishment rather than dismal failure and anti-American subterfuge. But Obama views our destruction as his successful legacy and Clinton as being destined for even more “greatness.”The unconfirmed allegations are nothing most Americans care about. Certainly Democrats, with their history packed with perpetrating, defending and intimidating in the name of rape and other criminality couldn’t care less if it were one of their own. They are, however, anxious to hypocritically disparage Mr. Trump for things which cannot be proven and are either insignificant compared to what they have done or which may never have even happened.Paul Ryan, as we are learning, likely played a role, along with NBC and the Washington Post, in the release of the bus video. The timing of his dismissal of Mr. Trump appears to have been coordinated with an invitation to speak in order to create the opportunity to rescind it and a public act of disavowal. Then the rest of the establishment GOP as well as their sister organization, the Democrat Party, joined in the preplanned feeding frenzy.The next logical and quite predictable step in the Trump vilification process is an attack by the New York Times. That came today, with the sudden “revelation” of new mystery women who claim to have had unwanted physical encounters with Mr. Trump decades ago. This is the same Clinton advocacy rag that published false stories in May which stated that women had supposedly been demeaned by Mr. Trump.Several of the women, including Rowanne Brewer Lane, who was featured in the first false story, came forward and not only denied the accusations against Mr. Trump, but also noted that the reporters had lied to them, having promised it would not be a hit piece.Once again Hillary Clinton’s “Birdcage Liner of Record” is attacking Mr. Trump, although this time they’re using much less attractive women, making their claims even less believable. Trump has always been surrounded by beautiful women. Unless they are alleging he was performing charity work, the topic should be a dead, not-starter.We’re supposed to believe that the obvious liberal, who looks like a cross between EPA administrator Gina McCarthy and Burgess Meredith, some kind of larvae-eating environmentalist with hair clips in her armpits, would have been invited to sit in the first class section of the airplane. It’s possible that she was bumped up, even possible that Mr. Trump was actually on the plane. It’s also possible that he was not or that she was moved to a different seat across from him. He could have been the one who rebuffed her advances; perhaps apologizing and informing her that he’s heterosexual, before realizing his error.The woman, Jessica Leeds, claims Mr. Trump was “like an octopus, all over her,” but states that if he had just confined his groping to her breasts she would not have minded. She said, “If he had stuck with the upper part of the body I might not have gotten that upset. It’s when he started putting his hand up my skirt.” So she’s fine with being groped as long as the groper stays within the acceptable groping guidelines. Weren’t those commonly kept in the seat back of the chair in front or is that only in coach? And were they kissing during this encounter? It’s unusual for groping to take place without there being some other type of “getting to know each other” happening at the same time. Did she lead him on and doesn’t want to tell that part of the tale for fear of minimizing its negative impact?Leeds was so upset that she just got up and left, without ever saying a word and went back to her original seat. She never mentioned the event for decades, until the time came around for her to tell her story in support of her candidate, Hillary Clinton.Then suddenly new feelings of selective outrage started bubbling up all to the surface so she just had to let them out, and it had to be done with the New York Times. But she’s not to blame for failing to report a crime when it happened. It was due to her leftist conditioning, says Leeds. She said that during her time in business, in the 1970s and early 1980s, “We accepted it for years. We were taught it was our fault.”What? She was taught that if someone gropes her on an airplane it’s her fault. Is it because she’s been told she’s so irresistible or was it her ear-high mini-skirt that showed all the goods when she sat down, the fashion of the day. It’s odd that the crack New York Times reporters didn’t include anything about what she was wearing in the story, not that it would have made any difference. Trump says it didn’t happen and the New York Times has zero credibility.A second Hillary Clinton supporter has also come forward offering a similar tale from a time long ago in a land far, far away – in Trump Tower. She claims he was overcome by her charms as well and kissed her on the mouth in a hallway but nobody noticed. The owner of the building and the company is getting frisky in the hall and it’s not seen by anyone? Like Ms. Leeds, that woman also was so outraged that she never reported the incident to the police or her employer.Their dubious accusations both happened to surface at precisely the same, most opportune time, when they would be most advantageous for the Clinton/Ryan/Establishment/Globalist alliance to inflict maximum damage against Mr. Trump. The veracity of the accusations isn’t important, after all. The claims just need to be heard and believed for the pro-Clinton ploy to have been successful. That’s today’s New York Times.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.