Back when Obama was campaigning for what would be the first half of the national destruction “transformation” nightmare, he was asked by a supporter in Ohio, “I would just like to know what you can say to reassure us that this election will not be rigged or stolen.”Obama goes on to comfort the woman, assuring her, though she may not have realized it at the time, that it would in fact be stolen and that he would be the thief. After all, she asked to be reassured, she didn’t say it had to involve honesty or integrity. She’s a Democrat; those things don’t matter much.Obama pointed out that “It helps in Ohio that we’ve got Democrats in charge of the machines. He goes on to tell the group that he’s from Chicago so he has experience with “monkeying around” with elections, although he dismisses that possibility these days as silly nonsense, claiming not to even know what that means. He notes that, as is presently the case today, “Whenever people are in power, they have this tendency to try to tilt things in their direction.”He naturally, went on to recommend a federal boot on the necks of the citizenry, a “federal voting rights division,” to guarantee  that the laws would be enforced uniformly and fairly. It would follow the same conceptual lines as the way DHS has sealed our borders with uniform enforcement of immigration laws or the way the Holder and Lynch at the DOJ or Comey at the FBI have been above reproach in prosecuting all offenders, even former Secretaries of State equally. The kind of system like that in place at the State Department where Muslim “refugees” are imported almost exclusively over Christians despite being the ones facing the greatest threat.That’s the kind of “objective fidelity” to the concepts and principles upon which this nation was founded that Obama was in favor of at the time. He spoke in support of a paper trail for voting machines back then, but now, eight years later, his boss George Soros controls one third of America’s voting machines and there is less reliance on paper ballots than when Obama became the first non-American pretend ‘president.’Obama said they would be serious about investigating “vote fraud,” which obviously hasn’t been the case or they’d have Debbie Wasserman Schultz, most of the DNC, Hillary Clinton and the guy making the speech wearing ankle bracelets or behind bars. Violent DNC goon Bob Creamer wouldn’t have made 340 visits to the White House and top Democrats wouldn’t have incited violence against Trump supporters. They are only serious about winning regardless of what it takes, about clinging to power that they will never relinquish, and about keeping their activities hidden from view.Americans need to be vigilant. He’s the same “big, powerful government is the answer for everything” guy that he warned these people about eight years ago; the one with those tilting tendencies. 