Obama has a history of acting against the interests of the United States and of being more than just a little too considerate of the demands of the Saudis and other Arab nations in matters of US policy. He’s facilitated the cancerous growth of Saudi-funded mosques inside the United States and the importation of their people into our nation as the seeds of what they see as their ordained future conquest of our country. They are emblematic of their disdain for and dedication to the destruction of our American culture and identity as a nation. His diversity mission is that destruction of who we are, our reconfiguration into who they are, part of the expansion of their global caliphate.The Russians are coming under fire for standing up to the same adventurism of the Obama Clinton regime that created hell out of a formerly orderly and prosperous Libya. The Obama regime is desperate to serve their Saudi masters in toppling Assad and creating yet another terrorist breeding ground. Obama and Congressional allies, such as John McCain, are waging a war on Assad using terrorists as their soldiers, arming the very people who would have a blade on our throats in the next instant.Russia is exposing a new administration plan to allow an army of raping ISIS terrorists to flee the city of Mosul in Iraq, complete with their terrorist family units. More than a simple retreat, it is a redeployment of forces, ISIS terrorists under the direction of Hussein Obama. They are to be allowed to escape and then moved to join the fight as Obama mercenaries against Syria. On one section of dirt they are the enemy, a few hundred miles to the West they’re Obama’s boys.As reported in The Sun, an agreement is said to exist that was brokered by the Saudis in which the US and coalition forces will bomb selected, predetermined targets in Mosul and avoid others, with the targeting based upon agreements reached with the ISIS terrorists in advance. It even includes the bombing of vacant buildings in order to provide the illusion of an actual, aggressive military action.The plan was revealed to The Star by a military source in Moscow which stated, “In preparation for the operation in Mosul, US intelligence agencies and Saudi Arabia agreed that before the assault all militants will be offered a safe route to leave the city with their families.”He continued, “And at the time of the assault, coalition aircraft would only strike empty buildings, agreed in advance with the militants. More than 9,000 ISIS fighters will be transferred to the eastern regions of Syria to follow a major offensive operation, which involves the capture of Deir ez-Zur and Palmyra.”While it may sound unbelievable that the US would allow safe passage for a terrorist army from Mosul to Syria, it should be remembered that that was exactly what the United States did as ISIS was on the march across Iraq when it first emerged as the “Islamic State.” Open convoys presented easy targets that could have been destroyed and all of this bloodshed, expense and destruction avoided.Instead Obama protected them then and there is no reason to believe he wouldn’t do the same thing again. The finger pointing goes both directions between Russia and the US but if past actions are any indicator, the Russians may be telling the truth. Especially now that the ISIS terrorists would be headed to Syria to do the bidding of Obama and the Saudis. The Obama thugs have been blaming every setback, every exposure, every military failure or atrocity on the Russians in what appears to be an effort to create a slippery slope into an actual hot war. It’s probably a good idea for them to reveal what Obama’s really up to; who he really works for and with. It’s no wonder he hasn’t been able to defeat ISIS. We now have more irrefutable proof of what we’ve long believed. They work for him.