Those Americans who thought that Hussein Obama had given up drugs might now want to rethink those views, based upon his latest claims. Pretend ‘president’ Obama claimed there had been no “major scandal” in his administration during a Democratic fundraiser Sunday night in San Diego. It’s an unbelievable comment the first foreign dictator of the United States made while engaged in a rant against Republican Rep Darrell Issa, the former Chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Issa at one time had referred to Obama as “one of the most corrupt presidents” in modern history, although he’s not really a president, having never met the eligibility requirements. The most corrupt person to ever pretend to be ‘president’ or to prop his feet up on a desk in the Oval Office would be more correct.Obama said of Issa, “Here’s a guy who called my administration perhaps the most corrupt in history–despite the fact that actually we have not had a major scandal in my administration–that, when Trump was suggesting that I wasn’t even born here, said, well, I don’t know, was not sure. This guy has spent all his time simply trying to obstruct, to feed the same sentiments that resulted in Donald Trump becoming their nominee.” Whatever, Obama, none of that rant made any sense, but as an antidote to your corruption and that of the DC system of illegitimate government, we’re fortunate to have Mr. Trump in that capacity. We just need to make sure he wins.In making his laughable claims, Obama must be counting on the American people and his audience to have the memory of a fly drawn to stench of his oration. The list of Obama scandals is long and varied. It includes his fictional autobiography,  forged birth certificate,  use of a previously issued fraudulent Social Security number, forged draft registration, Chicago Climate Exchange, Fast and Furious gun running, Benghazi terrorist arms running and the deaths of four Americans, the destruction of Libya, complicity with the Muslim Brotherhood, both inside the US federal government and in the overthrow of Mubarek in Egypt.There’s Solyndra, climate hoax, federalization by decree of huge tracts of land, UN sustainable development agenda 2030, gun control, Domestic surveillance, Incompetence, Lies about unemployment numbers and job creation, Obamacare lies, bankrupting of coal, EPA takeover of our economy, UN globalization, servitude to George Soros, anti-American posture at the border, facilitated invasion from Mexico, facilitated invasion from Central America, facilitated invasion from Middle East, importation of unvetted terrorists as “refugees.”Obama doesn’t mention his curious connection to Frank Marshall Davis being possibly his father, his mother working for Timothy Geithner’s father at the Ford Foundation, being raised a Muslim, promoting Islam, Intentionally weakening the American economy, death of Loretta Fuddy in plane crash, intentional destruction of America’s armed forces, end of don’t ask don’t tell, transgender service personnel, women in combat, giving away of the Internet to his globalist comrades.He created a political weapon of the IRS, Lois Lerner’s Fifth Amendment, Eric Holder’s contempt of Congress, IRS destruction of evidence, Ferguson and elsewhere race war instigating, war on cops, takeover of local law enforcement by feds, Bureau of Land Management as a criminal enterprise, sale of uranium to Russia, TPP, Payment of coyote fees from US Treasury for Central American invaders, classification of most illegals as asylum seekers, sanctuary cities, ending of repatriation of illegals, ambush and murder of LaVoy Finicum, importation of Islamists, interfering in Brexit, interfering in the Israeli elections, removing of Islamic references from federal training and other terrorist documents, VA hospitals, illegal alien amnesty, rule by dictatorship, ignoring and nullifying federal law by memorandum issues by his henchman Jeh Johnson and many others.Whatever he’s smoking, it’s some pretty potent stuff. It must be coming across that open border he has created and Hillary Clinton plans on expanding along with her continuation of the population dilution, part of his racist attack on white Americans. There’s the drug addiction epidemic scandal and the heroin epidemic as well as the murder rate in Chicago and Black Lives Matter racist agitations. There’s also the Hitler-style use of thugs to tilt the upcoming elections in partnership in conjunction with the DNC and Hillary Clinton. The State Dept lack of security, Clinton’s home server, Iran deal, John Kerry and the rest of federal government covering up for Hillary Clinton are also noteworthy.There is no shortage of items in his list of scandals that he’s pretending not to be aware of or hoping we’d forgotten about. The truth has no place in a sentence spoken by Hussein Obama and it is rarely, if ever, found there.