After a series of flip-flops - denying, inadvertently admitting and then again denying the Indian army’s surgical strikes in the PoK area – Pakistan has finally come out with a statement that a surgical strike was indeed conducted – not by the Indian army, but by aliens.“We would like to inform the world and those concerned that there was indeed a surgical strike that killed all our terrorists soldiers. But, contrary to what the Indian media has reported, this wasn’t done by the Indian army. It was done by aliens from God knows where – we have concrete evidence for it. Copies of a book named ‘UnReal Aliens’ written by some guy called Karthik Laxman were found in these terror camps. The book hasn’t been released yet and we’ve already banned it in Pakistan, just like we’ve blocked The UnReal Times itself, in many parts of the country. Don’t tell me the Indian army was reading those! So who else, but the aliens themselves could’ve left the books behind over here, as some sort of post-killing calling card?” read a statement from Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif.“Nevertheless, this won’t go unpunished. Aliens, don’t mistake our peaceful intent for weakness. If you’re planning to come again, let me tell you – Pakistan is ready and you will be wiped off the face of the solar system if you dare to come here!” the statement added.Sharif also shot off a letter to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, urging the multilateral body to expand beyond the planet and transition into a new body titled ‘United Planets’. While the US is yet to comment on Sharif’s claim, American satirical website The Onion has categorically denied any involvement in drafting the statement.Journalists across the border, have, however stated that India should stand by Pakistan until Sharif’s statement has been proven to be false. “Sure, laugh all you want, call me anti-national. But if aliens are indeed not responsible for the attack that Sharif claims they did, then why aren’t they denying it? What’s stopping them from doing so? As a responsible neighbour, we ought to be lending our support at this precarious time,” tweeted controversial journalist Barkha Dutt of NDTV.India Today’s controversial journalist Rajdeep Sardesai too, echoed a similar view. “We’ve heard Nawaz Sharif’s side of the story now. Let’s not jump to conclusions until we hear the alien side too. That is good, responsible journalism, not jingoistic mockery which some irresponsible Indian news channels stoke. I’m always open to asking aliens some good questions if they want to come out with their response,” Sardesai told Pakistan’s Geo News.While the Indian government is yet to respond to Sharif’s claim, PM Modi tweeted that ALIENS meant ‘A Laughter Indulgence Everyday is Never Sinful’.The last shot, as always, came from AAP spokesperson, The Ashutosh, who tore into the PM, demanding a response. “Why the alliance attacked the Nawaj Shareef and the Pakistan !!! Will the Modi answer !” the former IBN7 journalist tweeted.