Pakistan has decided to take the battle to India. The terrorist state is making long term investments into education that will help them trump India as an IT superpower. Speaking to us, Lieutenant General Asim Bajwa said that the Pakistan military is very upset with Indian PM Modi’s speech saying that while India exports software, Pakistan exports terrorism. Maybe the Indian PM does not know that creating and exporting terrorism needs as much planning and education as software needs.“We have compared the successes of our terror and your software. While Indians just work on Wall street, it was a Pakistani who created the blue print for 9/11. Indian may head Google, but a Pakistani created the first virus (and these two are not very different!) We find that our lacunae is in not branding our terror curriculum like India has done with the IITs. Henceforth, we are cleaning up and starting with JEE, IIT, and IIM.A lot of students study in Madarasas. Some of them go on to do spiritual stuff but most don’t. We will have a JEE or ‘Jihadi Entrance Exam’ for these students. Based on the JEE scores, students will qualify for Islamic Institutes of Terrorism (IITs). We know that India had started IITs with foreign collaboration. We have our own gurus. We will have 3 IITs to begin withAll three IITs will offer an unique structured curriculum on radical Islam, infiltration, bombing and suicide vest preparation. Campus placements are assured. All of them will do an internship with ISI. Subsequently, they will have 3 levels of placement.Some of them may not want to be operatives but do strategic work generating militancy. We are creating the Islamic Institute of Militancy, which will be symbolically located at Abbottabad. This will be our IIM A.We will also have a Khan Academy, named after AQ Khan, who will focus on stealing nuclear blueprints from across the world. We also hear that India has IIITs, Indian Institute of Information Technology. We will also have one IIIT – Islamic Institute of Infiltration & Terrorism.”“But sir, more people are also learning from Coursera these days in India,” said our correspondent.“We are going digital too! It was a shame that there were terror attacks in Bangladesh that was triggered by the preachings of an Indian. So, we are creating a platform to share all the curriculum from people like Zakir Naik to all ISIS terror material, morphed videos etc. All such material will be available here. This will enhance our reach,” he said.“Also, we have seen that there are many stone throwers in Kashmir. How do we train them? So, we are making videos of Pakistani bowlers like Shoaib Akhtar, Shabbir Ahmed, Saeed Ajmal who had been banned by ICC for throwing. Now, the stone throwers can tease with bouncers, slower ones and doosras! Who says we are a backward country? All Fatwas and hitlists will be shared on our digital platform as end of course assignments. This will be called Poursera.”“How do you whip up enthusiasm?” asked our correspondent.“That is easy. We are going to be doing TED talks across the country. Don’t think this is that TED. Our TED is Terrorism, Extremism, Destruction. Using very short speeches and demos, we will ensure enough people take the JEE.”“But why now, sir?”“You know General Raheel Sharief is retiring next month. He would like to leave a permanent and enduring legacy and nothing can be better than this.”“But how does the world react?”“Don’t worry. We have already shared the subject with channels like NDTV. Soon you will see a campaign from India itself saying let’s help the Pakistani IITs. Peaceniks will share a picture of an IIT student in India and Pakistan each and say let peace prevail! Communication is the least of our worries.”“All this is fine, sir. But how will these make an IT superpower?”“Arrey bhai! Who says IT is Information Technology? For us, IT is Islamic Terrorism!”