In a bizarre development, surgeons at Narayana Health City (NHC), the hospital that operated on Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal to cure his persistent cough, have reported that the part of his overly large tongue that was cut out during the surgery has grown all by itself and is now as big as the original.“Yes, it’s true,” said Dr. Swaminathan, a surgeon at NHC. “We kept it in a specimen-bottle in the patho-lab cupboard and forgot about it. But yesterday I heard some sounds coming from inside the cupboard and when I opened it I was shocked to see that the piece had grown to a full adult size on its own. And it was talking!”“But how can a tongue talk all by itself?” our correspondent asked incredulously.“That stumped me too,” Dr. Swaminathan replied, “I called the attending Neurosurgeon, Dr. Rahul Aandhi, to ask him how this was possible. He said that during the actual surgery on Arvind, they had discovered that his original tongue was not connected to his brain, and hence operated independently.”Dr. Swaminathan added that analysis of the periodic measurements of the Delhi’s CM tongue before the surgery had revealed another curious fact: Kejriwal’s tongue had slowly and steadily grown in size since 2011. “His mouth restricted its growth, but despite that it grew by more than a couple of centimetres. The bit of tongue that was cut out, however, has had no such constraints and has been growing uninhibitedly since the surgery. There’s no telling how big it will get,” the doctor added.Accordingly, doctors have placed the tongue in an air-tight metal container to restrict its growth. “It keeps throbbing and thrashing inside the container, talking endlessly,” said Dr. Swaminathan.“What is it saying?” our correspondent asked.“What else? It’s a clone of its parent DNA after all. It just keeps repeating one name – Modiji.”The UnReal Times reached out to AAP leader, The Ashutosh, for his take on the development. The former journalist blamed it all on Prime Minister Modi and his agent in Delhi, LG Jung and demanded that they release the aforementioned tongue immediately. “Why has the Jung locked up the Tung? Will the Modi answer?” he demanded.