While wading through the John Podesta emails, this writer found one that indicated David Brock figured Hillary Clinton’s Republican opponent would be Donald Trump back in January.  Being the busy beavers that the Democrats are when it comes to digging up dirt on their opponents, John Podesta and company already had a 157-page document with loads and loads of information on Trump in addition to reports on Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, those they thought would be a danger to Hillary Clinton’s coronation since December 19, 2015.In that document are references to Donald Trump’s “mistreatment of women.”  From Fox News:In a section on Page 31 titled “Trump Has Devalued And Demeaned Women Repeatedly Throughout His Career,” Trump’s comments to “This Morning” in 1997 are transcribed under the heading “Trump On Miss Universe Pageant Winner.”“She weighed 118 pounds, or 117 pounds, and she went up to 160 or 170,” Trump said on “This Morning.” “So this is somebody that likes to eat.”Machado is not identified by her last name, and her first name is misspelled “Alisa.” The supposed “Miss Piggy” and “Miss Housekeeping” put-downs do not appear either. However, Trump’s printed comments on Machado in the document seemingly show the Clinton campaign began considering using the episode against the business mogul before the primaries even began.So, where Hillary Clinton found the “Miss Piggy” reference she spoke in September at the Hofstra Debate was not in that document, but the concept was one that the Democratic campaign planned to use from the start.Near the end of the showdown, during a sustained riff about the Republican nominee’s past remarks about women, Clinton cited the case of Miss Universe 1996 Alicia Machado.“And one of the worst things he said was about a woman in a beauty contest,” Clinton said. “He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around them. And he called this woman ‘Miss Piggy.’ Then he called her ‘Miss Housekeeping,’ because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name.”As stated above, those monikers are not listed in the 1997 publicity.  All The Donald said about this woman was that apparently she liked to eat.  (That gets a lot of us girls in trouble, but we aren’t Miss Universe.)Dirt digging and planning attack strategies is what political campaigns do.  It’s all about the sales job to get the candidate elected.  That the campaign had documents and dirt almost a year ago proves that these professionals are good at their jobs…and that they knew they were going to have to go dirty in order to get their candidate elected.  In the case of Alicia Machado, her story, and the dirt attached to it, did not start to stick until the third debate and Hillary’s mention of it.Other topics of attack were found in the larger document:The Clinton campaign Trump file includes headers such as: “Reliance On Chinese Goods”; “Support From White Supremacists”; and “Trump University.” A subsection in a unit on immigration is titled “Conspiracy Theories.” Subsections on Trump’s personal life include notes on “Net Worth,” “Dodging Personal Bankruptcy” and “Comments on Fidelity and Pre-Nuptial Agreements.”Give the Hillary people credit.  They did their homework.  Too bad most of it didn’t happen the way it was spun and reported by the lapdog media.