The 2016 election just got even more weird.  Buried in the middle of the latest Wikileaks dump of John Podesta emails (from his gmail account, too) is this exchange:For some context, the word or words “wetworks” has a very specific meaning in slang.  From Wikipedia:Wetwork is a euphemism for murder or assassination, alluding to spilling blood. The expression “wet work”, as well as the similar “wet job“, “wet affair”, or “wet operation”, are all calques of the euphemism used by the KGB for such activities, mokroye delo (wet dealings).[1] These operations are reputed to have been handled at the KGB by Spetsbureau 13, colorfully known as the “Department of wet affairs”For those who are not long time political junkies, Steve Elmendorf, according to Jim Hoft of The Gateway Pundit, once worked for former congresscritter of the great State of Missouri Dick Gephardt, who was very powerful in Democratic politics when he was voted out of office.What makes this exchange hinky is that it happened on February 9.  The next death of anyone of consequence in American government was Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia at Cibolo Creek Ranch on February 12 or 13 under truly suspicious circumstances.  To make matters even more hinky, there is a vineyard adjacent to the complex where Scalia’s body was found.This coincidence could mean nothing or it could mean everything.  From the beginning, Scalia’s death didn’t sit right with a lot of conservatives.  He was not really sick, and no autopsy was done.  He was embalmed before any investigation happened.  He was also one of the few people who was in a position and WILLING to stop the progressive agenda.  Not only that, with Chelsea Clinton’s words that now that Scalia was gone, they could move on gun control not even three months later, the whole Scalia death episode is smelling more and more like the KGB wetworks definition.This little email exchange just adds to the intrigue.  Was Scalia assassinated?  Good question.Before my fellow conservatives go off half cocked about the other major conservative figure death of the year – Phyllis Schlafly – this writer has knowledge via close contacts and mutual friends that she died of cancer.  It was not unexpected to the family at all.  She had not been doing well for quite some time.