Okay, America, it’s time to knock off this feigned outrage that the word “pussy” is generating.  In non-slang nomenclature, a pussy is a cat.  For all James Bond fans, Pussy is the name of the best Bond girl character ever, Pussy Galore, the pilot in the movie “Goldfinger.”  (Readers can draw their own conclusions on the connection there.)In fashion, contrary to the assertions of many a disgruntled commenter, a pussy-bow, or pussycat bow, is a specific high collar with a soft, floppy bow tied at the throat.  The term was coined in the 1930s, actually, and referred to the sort of bow that was tied around the neck of a kitten.  From Wikipedia:In 1934, the St. Petersburg Times offered a pattern for an Anne Adams dress featuring a convertible collar which could be worn in four different ways, including as “an intriguingly feminine pussy cat bow tied high under your chin.”As nothing in fashion is ever truly new, the pussy bow reappeared in the late 1940s, and again in the 1960s with designs from Coco Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent.  However, the most famous of the women in twentieth century history to wear a pussy collar as a regular feature of her wardrobe is instantly recognizable to all conservatives all over the planet.  Well over half of Lady Margaret Thatcher’s wardrobe sported the catty attire.(Photo by Keystone/Getty Images) As it happens, the pussy bow was a staple in wardrobes all over America during the 1970s and 1980s.  This writer, and the other two women in the household generally had at least one in the wardrobe at all times for a number of years.  Then, in the 1990s, the pussy bow bowed out to make way for other styles. Then, as all things old in fashion eventually become new again, in 2014, designers sent models down the runway sporting the kitten collars we now know as pussy bows.And THAT, my fellow Americans, is the style that Melania Trump so beautifully presented at the debate Sunday evening.  The pussy bow is on its way back into everyday fashion.  (It takes a few years for the runway styles to trickle down to the masses.)  Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge, sported a pussy bow not too long ago.  Before too long, the rest of us will be wearing the darn things again as well.  (Doesn’t do jack for those of us with a lot of cleavage.)So, now we know.  Melania Trump’s pussy bow collar was not made up.  It was brilliant.More on the history of the pussy bow from Vogue.