Almost everyone with a Facebook account has voiced his or her opinion regarding the ongoing debate on whether to allow Fawad Khan starrer ADHM in India (as per the reports coming from Dharma productions office, his role is shorter than even the short name used for the film).Until yesterday the future of the movie looked bleak. However, in an unexpected turn of events the leader of the largest Democratic party of India, Raj Thackeray has given a green signal for the release of the film on a conditional basis. The condition that Raj has smartly put forward is that the producers who cast Pakistani actors in their movies will have to pay 5 crore rupees to the Indian army welfare fund as a penalty.This has come as a huge relief for Karan Johar who reported, “I am very thankful to Raj Bhai for giving the green signal for the movie. Yes, the amount I have to pay as penalty is much larger than what I paid Fawad Khan for a cameo but still I am happy as this money will be used for the sake of Indian army. Now there is no force which can stop the screening of my movie!”, a relieved KJo signed off.However, Arnab Goswami was unhappy with the proceedings. The supreme commander of the nation said, “For the past one week I have been crying hoarse to create a wave of patriotism in the country and the first step was banning films containing Pakistani actors. Yes, Raj may have given the movie a green signal but I will make sure that people don’t watch the movie on the day of its release. On the release day, I will hold Newshour for 24 hours nonstop and as you clearly know the TRP ratings of my show are so terribly high that people will not go to watch the movie but remain glued to their TV screens all day!” Arnab signed off with the chants of, “Bharat Mata ki Jai. Jai Jawaan. Jay Hindustan!”Watching all this from his cozy stallion, Lalu Prasad Yadav struck upon a golden idea. He conducted a press conference and put a proposal to Raj Thackeray that the Bihar government will also pay 5 crorer rupees if Raj allows Biharis to work in Mumbai. Our sources informed that this may be a political gimmick by Lalu as he believes that striking a compromise with Raj Thackeray will solve many issues mainly the problem of unemployment in Bihar and also he will take away one more of Modi’s friends and make a grand alliance to defeat Modi in 2019.Lalu signed off with a slogan, “Marathi- Bihari Bhau bhaiya!”It remains to be seen how Raj responds to this offer.