Not that we in the United States didn’t know that our “leadership” really held us in contempt, but the “revelations” of Donald Trump’s alleged sexual misconduct and talk honestly demonstrates more of the attitude Lizardhead, uh, James Carville articulated in the quote above.  They think we are just like them: having a high school fascination for sex, and we’ll follow any red herring dragged in front of us.Not that an interest in sex makes any or all of us less than human, but it almost seems that liberals, Democrats, and feminists have some sort of arrested development when it comes to the topic.  It’s like they haven’t grown up despite none of them being virgins.  (The only other people known to this writer that obsessed with sex ARE virgins.) That being the case, the larger coven of “progressives” seems to think that dragging a $100 bill, or a sex scandal, through the mainstream media is going to distract the public from…well whatever it is they want to distract the people from noticing this week.Over the weekend, the locker room conversation sex tape was meant to neutralize Donald Trump at the debate.  Didn’t work.Today, Thursday, October 13, a front page New York Times story featuring a woman accusing Trump of groping her a few decades ago on a plane in first class has started to take hold in order to strengthen the meme that Trump is a disgusting misongynist.  Well, it did until Trump’s people slapped the Times with a cease and desist order, and a threat of a libel lawsuit, and The Gateway Pundit along with commenters from all over the fruited plain started to deconstruct the story.  It couldn’t have happened the way the story was told, and the accuser used lyrics from a popular song to tell the tall tale.What is going on that the people need to be distracted?  All of Clinton groupie John Podesta’s gmail account is being systematically aired out by Wikileaks.  And the revelations aren’t pretty.You can’t make this stuff – AND I’M A FICTION WRITER!What the “progressives” are doing is assuming that all of us are just like them: obsessed with sex.  And they are so obsessed with it that the proverbial shiny red balls of distraction fame for them is all about digging up dirt and violating the privacy and other rights of their targets.  If the tables were turned, most of these people wouldn’t think these tactics were nearly so acceptable.  In this case, the target – no fag choir boy – is willing to punch back.  (Progressives never seem to expect that.)As for the bottom line purpose in all of this, at some point, the American people quit paying attention to what were seen to be unfounded accusations against a successful American.  We the People also have been growing up as the economy is being kept on life support just waiting for the kill shot.  Sex doesn’t work as a distraction any more, and the progressives are under the impression that it does.  Therefore, they are going to use what has worked in the past to destroy a candidate rather than be creative and come up with something new.Well, and then there’s the little matter that they take themselves entirely too seriously, and the old hag feminists are jealous of better looking women, but we’re not supposed to mention that.