Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA) is one of the few good guys in Congress. He’s been vocal in challenging the anti-American predators in Obama’s EPA who want to strangle our citizens in the name of global citizenship. He’s equally willing to take on those within the GOP who share that same lack of integrity, moral foundation, sense of duty to their nation and complete dearth of patriotism. He spoke specifically of the turncoat pantywaist Paul Ryan.Rep Rohrabacher described Ryan as “cowardly” for his conference call announcement that he would not be helping Donald Trump to win the presidency and would not campaign with him or on his behalf.  Rohrabacher said, “Leaders are supposed to stand firm and solid in moments of crisis. Instead, he’s in a panic. It’s not good leadership. … I think the Republicans who are backing away are gutless.” He added, “We don’t have to just be concerned about saving House seats. We have to be concerned about saving the United States of America.”Congressman Rohrabacher is giving Ryan too much credit. Ryan is concerned with his power and position alone, as Speaker. He’s not interested in doing with it what will be best for our nation or our citizens, only obeying the commands of those who placed him there. He’s focusing on House seats because without the majority he doesn’t get to play “Mr. Important Lawmaker” anymore and much of his power and prestige disappears. Power and its rewards are what truly matter to Ryan.Saving the United States is not a concern of Paul Ryan. He doesn’t see our demise as something negative but as our future as part of the global one world government that he promotes. The gelatin-like spine of Mr. Ryan does not permit him to support a real man like Trump, but it does allow him to still technically, officially not oppose him. He hasn’t withdrawn his tepid, limp-wristed endorsement just yet. That’s the one traitorous card he is still holding in his hand, yet to be played, raised and poised at the ready.Rohrabacher wants no part of their betrayal. He’s solidly behind Mr. Trump and the United States of America. Regardless of the outcome of the election, we may see a different Speaker for the next session. Ryan should never have been there in the first place and were it not for the surrender of the naive Freedom Caucus, would not have been.The Congressional GOP jellyfish could learn a lot about being a representative from Rep Rohrabacher. Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.