Vladimir Zhirinovsky is the leader of Russia’s third largest political party, the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia. He’s a fierce combination nationalist and populist with a style that is described as brash and confrontational. Though generally regarded as being anti-Western, this member of the Russia State Duma, the lower house of Parliament does have an opinion on the American election. He might be a hardliner but he’s not suicidal. He, like most of the rest of the world, has had enough of Hussein Obama and is opposed to four more years of the world spinning around the globalist drain.In an interview from his large, tenth floor office, Zhirinovsky told Reuters that those Americans who want peace must vote for Donald Trump. It is his opinion that Trump is the only person able to deescalate dangerous tensions between Moscow and Washington.He said, “Americans, when they vote for president on November eighth, must realize that they are voting for peace on planet earth if they vote for Trump. But if they vote for Hillary, it’s war.”He continued, “Trump will have a brilliant chance to make relations more peaceful. To start talks, to take positive decisions on Syria and Ukraine, on NATO, on disarming and plutonium. He is the only one that can do this.”As for the hand-wringing in the media over Trump’s comments, Zhirinovsky takes a realistic approach, saying, “Men all around the world sometimes say such things that are just for their comrades. They’re just saying, but that doesn’t mean that it is an attitude towards women, children, black people and Muslims.He adds, “Victory for Trump and his election as president would be a gift to humanity. This is no joke.”  While it wasn’t exactly an endorsement from Putin himself, the point is made that Zhirinovsky is allied with and faithful to Kremlin policy. The impression is given that he would not be making such statements without the approval, at least tacitly, of Vladimir Putin.Putin knows what happened in the Middle East and Libya. He knows what kind of criminal and traitor Hillary Clinton is. With a nationalist loyal to his own nation, Putin would have a dependable and consistent adversary or perhaps an ally in some areas. In the case of Hillary Clinton, he’d be dealing with a globalist servant that would inevitably seek to destabilize his own nation or regions of the globe Russia has an interest in.It seems obvious that it is in Russia’s interest to see Mr. Trump elected; that Mr. Zhirinovsky’s words have the ring of truth to them.