Indian literature body, the Sahitya Akademi has reached out to Rio hero and Indian gymnast Dipa Karamkar, who recently returned a BMW car gifted to her by Bharat Ratna Sachin Tendulkar. In a letter to the athlete, the Akademi has sought a clarification from her whether she returned her car in protest against the “rising intolerance” in the country.“In recent times, we’ve seen a lot of valuable awards and medals being returned to us, all in protest against the ‘rising intolerance’ in the country under PM Modi. So when we heard the news of Dipa wanting to return her BMW, we obviously thought that she too, was joining the chorus. But we’ve now heard from her that it was due to narrow roads in Agartala and high maintenance costs. That’s fine. But we do want to tell Dipa that if ever she changes her mind and wants to return it to us instead, in protest against rising intolerance, our doors are open,” Akademi president Dr. Vishwanath Prasad Tiwari told The UnReal Times.The news has brought disappointment to ‘rising intolerance’ campaign initiator and Sahitya Akademi awardee Nayantara Sahgal. While Sahgal hailed the Akademi for proactively reaching out to the athlete, she also expressed her disappointment at the clarification. “So far, it’s just medals and awards. A BMW returned by the gymnast would’ve made our campaign leap to a whole new level altogether, but alas. Speaking of returns, it’s been a while since I recollected my returned award. May be it’s time I returned it again,” the awardee stated.Bollywood director Mahesh Bhatt termed the return as a wasted opportunity. “Forget this rising intolerance stuff. Dipa should have used this opportunity to return the award against the ongoing war-mongering in the country. Being the strong lady that she is, she should’ve stated loud and clear that she will claim her BMW back only when peace has been made with Pakistan,” the director said, before tweeting (others’) quotes of wisdom. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, however, already jumped the gun, tweeting a customary “proud of u” message to the athlete.Sports Minister Vijay Goel said that he respected Dipa’s decision in addition to requesting her for a selfie with the car before she returned it. The UnReal Times reached out to Bollywood actor Aamir Khan for his views on the issue, but the actor declined after his better half Kiran Rao threatened to leave the country if he answered any more questions on intolerance.