Salman Khan recently shared the first look of Race 3, which is the third installation of the Race series.The actor has begun shooting for the film, which is directed by part-time director and full-time reality show judge Remo D’Souza. Salman, who is all excited for the high-on-action film, revealed that he’s put his blood and sweat in it as he has been preparing for this role since 2002. The first two films of the Race series were about fast cars and mind-boggling suspense in the form of twists and turns. Talking about how his life has been a near-similar race, Salman said, “The film is about fast driving; even if you are under the influence of alcohol, you must know how to be safe. In the first two films, you saw how fast the cars were driven on the road. In Race 3, we’ll be conquering footpaths as well.”The actor, in a press conference, revealed that he’s been “preparing for this role since 2002… September 2002, to be particular… 28th September, 2002, to be precise”, and that it is “not quite a movie that challenged his acting skills”. Remo D’Souza, who took a leave from judging the reality show on the day, was present at the press conference. “Race 3 is a thriller that will up your adrenaline levels. The suspense in the film will spin your head to the extent where you will never know who the real villain is, even after 15 years from the release of the film,” he said while giving a high-5 to Salman. Salman faces immense pressure to deliver a hit after his last film, Tubelight, did not light up the box office. “If Race 3 does well, I will earn 300 crores. In case the film fails at the box office, my driver will publicly accept that the actor in the film was him, not I. Moreover, I will also donate some amount in charity so my fans can excuse a bad film,” Salman joked. To assure the distributors and stakeholders of the film, Salman went a step ahead and explained, “If good films like Newton and Hindi Medium can earn 10-20 crores, I’m sure that the Indian audiences will help Race 3 cross the 300-crore mark. I have full faith in judici… err, in my fans,” he said, before concluding the press conference.