Maybe you have to be dumb enough to be a liberal not to see through this stunt or to at least be dishonest enough to pretend that you’re too stupid to see it for what it is.The original lie in which the supposedly honest Pope Frank played a role was the “spontaneous” recognition of the little girl,  Sophia Cruz, as she ran into the street as his motorcade approached. Sure, security is that loose and don’t bother with any child endangerment investigation, they’re running a scam on America that is both Pope and Obama approved.In that instance she delivered a scripted note to Pope Frank, before Trump ever announced for president. This time around, the child of illegals squatting in our nation is once again being given an orchestrated national platform. She’s the next Khizr Khan or Alicia Machado, the Democrat personalization of “how heartless and cruel” Donald Trump is.It’s being reported that Cruz may be fed another question to put her name at the bottom of and take her position as the Donald Trump victim of the week, with another scripted message being plagiarized as her own. This time the note being written for her will be read aloud and is reported to contain the following: “If you deport my parents, what happens to me? I am 6 years old and an American citizen. I have a 3 year old sister who is also an American. My heart is very sad, because I’m scared that ICE is going to deport my undocumented mommy and daddy.” The note, intended to sound like a six-year-old wrote it and not a Clinton staffer, is posted on the Open Debate Coalition website.It’s obvious that a six-year-old didn’t write it. The structure, while simple, is still much above the level of a first grader. She knew to use the pronoun “an” instead of “a,” pretty good for a kid that lives in a Spanish-speaking household. She also knew that “Immigre” is really called ICE is all capitalized although she did erroneously use the word undocumented to describe her illegal alien squatting foreigner parents.The question, intended to damage Trump and pave the way for a range of insults to be unloaded upon him over the course of the next week or so, is posted as hers at the website presidentialopenquestions.com, where the “thirty top questions” will be “considered” by the biased ABC and CNN moderators for the debates. Does anybody smell a setup?The correct answer to the question is that the little girl packs her bags and goes with her parents while they petition to return legally. She could also stay with other family members if she has any, in America who are legally here. Going back to Mexico or whatever country her parents belong in is the same situation she’d have been in had they not broken our laws. Now she has the benefit of American citizenship for later in life.That was easy; next question.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.