Three of Bill and Hillary Clinton’s many victims sat down for an interview with Aaron Klein at the Watergate Hotel in Washington DC, to give the world a wake-up call about the sexual predators that are attempting to manipulate their way back into the White House.Kathleen Willey, Paula Jones and Juanita Broaddrick know firsthand the criminality of the Clintons, having experienced rape and sexual assault by the former president. They have also been victims of the personal attacks against their character, threats and intimidation inflicted upon them by his enabler and cover person, his wife Hillary Clinton.They want everyone to know that Hillary Clinton is not an advocate for women, as Willey describes her, “she is a fake feminist.” They say Hillary Clinton took an adversarial approach from the beginning towards them, having never once attempted to talk to any of them. They note that had Clinton reached out and talked to them she would have found out that they were telling the truth, the true nature of what her husband had done to them. But she never did, “because she didn’t care to.”Asked if they believe Hillary is an enabler, Broaddrick responds, “Oh my goodness, there’s not a better word, for any of this, especially when she threatened me personally.” Willey adds, “She’s implicit in everything he’s done.” Paula Jones adds, “She’s helped him do it.”Klein asks how they respond to those who dismiss their claims as “Bill’s infidelities.” Jones replies, “We didn’t agree to do this stuff, he pushed himself on us.” Broaddrick says, “This is criminal. We were not willing to the acts that he performed. We were not willing participants. These were crimes.”Kathleen Willey says, “Rape, sexual assault, sexual harassment, I want to say this to the mainstream media, Andrea Mitchell, Jake Tapper, all of these people. These are not infidelities. A rape is not an infidelity. These are crimes. Any other people would be in jail. They would be in jail for a very long time. This is no longer about infidelity, indiscretions, girlfriends, sex, interns, none of those. This is about a serial rapist, a predator, and his wife, who has enabled his behavior all of these years.”Paula Jones adds, “And he exposed himself to me, that’s a crime. You’re not supposed to expose yourself to people.”They point out that Hillary has turned a blind eye to the actions of her husband over all of these years and she has been the one to help cover it up and go after them.The thought of  Hillary Clinton having the military, NSA, CIA, multiple intelligence agencies at her disposal as president, the most powerful person in the world, a frightening prospect for the ladies. They say it should terrify all people.Willey warns, “She will annihilate any enemy, all of her enemies, anybody who’s spoken against her, across the board for I don’t know how many years, she will get rid of them. She will spend her entire administration ruining people. That’s what she will do, instead of running the country.”Broaddrick says, “It’s frightening.” Ms. Jones asks, “How can Americans not be frightened about this? How  do they think we’re sitting here, all three of us, and we’re making this stuff up? How can they not be in fear for this woman to run our country and to sit up there and pretend she cares about anybody, much less a female? And that we’re scared for our lives, I mean, basically.”She adds, “Anything could happen, she could do anything or say anything because she’s gotten away with everything. The Clintons have gotten away with everything. Nothing ever sticks to them.” Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.