SHOCKING EVIDENCE: It seems that we may now have an explanation for the nonsensical, bizarre and hostile behavior by both Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan during this campaign season. They seemed to picture themselves as the white knight couple who would ride in to the rescue when all of this rancor and other chaos they were plotting in league with their establishment globalist cohorts unfolded.The problem it seems was once again Donald Trump. He was able to secure the nomination and no matter how hard the subversive tools of the world government tried there was no getting around his grip on the nomination. And they tried very, very hard. They’re still at it as the misconduct of Ryan over this past weekend in the eleventh hour of the election, a time when all disagreements should have been put aside, exploded.Clearly now, the explosion was deliberately set off by the establishment sponsors of the Romney Ryan ticket in the form of an unsuccessful smear attempt through the release of an old video. The feigned outrage of Mitt Romney’s ally in the subterfuge, Utah Senator Mike Lee, as well as that of the vile excrement that occupies the position of Speaker of the House is now clearly coming into focus.They don’t want what’s best for America, a conclusion we reached long ago, based upon their actions, they want what is best for the Chamber of Commerce, for the passage of TPP, for their world government organization and power structure. The fact that all of those interests are at odds with what is best for America never entered into the picture.The scope of this conspiracy will be an interesting revelation as well. We remember the Romney Summit in June in Park City, UT, in which the nevertrump scum was meeting to discuss their way forward. Clearly they had already decided on a path, they just couldn’t let it be known.That is how things work in today’s modern world of criminal, deceptive governments and politicians. The people are always the last to know, by design. Of course we can be certain that the elite media knew, but they’re real good about keeping secrets when the right leaders tell them to.Source FEC.govPlease like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.