It took 20 email cache releases from WikiLeaks and some tenacious digging from internet users everywhere (THANK YOU REDDIT), but the American Mainstream Media FINALLY started reporting on the elephant in the room of the John Podesta emails.  That would be the money flowing into the Clinton Foundation from all over the globe while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State.In fact, the excrement hit the fan so hard, that even the wackadoodles at MSNBC’s Morning Joe took notice.Side note: Mika, lose the plaid. Stick with the classics, please.Think about it, 10 days from the election, and this story hits the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post – the major dailies – ABOVE THE FOLD.  (Visit this site for the front covers of 16 American newspapers today.) By journalistic standards, this is YUGE.  There is no ignoring it anymore.  The moral and ethical challenges and deficits of the Clintons and the way they ran the “foundation” are out in the open for all to see, not just clear to the people who dig deep on the internet.Why it took Chelsea Clinton to recognize this as a problem, and get the ball rolling to maybe clean things up at least for appearances sake, is a question that needs to be answered.  A few days ago, there were reports about her “brattiness.” More than one outlet finally got to the bottom of the story in that she knew the Foundation scandal would be an obstacle to her mother being president.Well, guess what.  The brat was right.  The mainstream media FINALLY was forced to report on the story of just what the Clinton Foundation really is all about. Most of the outlets haven’t said it outright, but if it walks, talks and smells like a pay to play laundering scheme, it probably is.Ron Fournier, a fairly honest liberal, has been harping on the “follow the money” angle for over a year.  The mainstream media is finally doing that. “Blurred lines” is mild for what has been going on with the Clinton Foundation.  Eddie Glaude, Jr., in the second video is absolutely correct.  It stinks.P.s. Mika Brzezinski’s father, Zbigniew Kazimierz Brzezinski, was a national security adviser to Jimmy Carter, and is a known New World Order member.