If you go to a theatre to watch “Anna,” the recently released biopic on Gandhian and social activist Anna Hazare and order some food and mineral water over the counter, don’t be surprised if you are refused the items. The Cinema Owners Exhibitors Association of India, which is busy these days in banning films with Pakistani artistes in them, has now unanimously taken another decision – theatres screening “Anna” will not be providing food and water to the movie’s viewers, in what they call a respectful and striking tribute to the man.“Instead of just screening this biopic as just another movie, we decided to honor this legend with our own special tribute and what better way to do it than forcing viewers of the biopic to fast for 130 minutes, by not providing food or even water. The difficulty for viewers to fast for even a couple of hours will make them respect and salute this hero, who has fasted for days together against corruption, awakening an entire complacent generation, all the more. With his one-time protege Arvind Kejriwal also reviewing hazaar movies, but shamelessly keeping away from one dedicated to Hazare, this is the least we could do to honor Annaji,” a theatre owner from Ralegaon Siddhi told The UnReal Times.Former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and Thiru M Karunanidhi was the first to laud the decision. “Going on a fast unto death in between breakfast and lunch is no big deal for me paa, so I can easily watch the morning show. If there is a Tamil dubbing of this movie running in Chennai, I’d love to watch it. Let me ask Stalin. But I’m very happy with the theatre owners decision, so I hereby announce a mixer-grinder free for each theatre owner following this rule as well as one for Anna thambi himself,” the DMK patriarch stated.Multiplexes, have, however, refrained from complying with the rule. “It really doesn’t make a difference. Given how pricey our popcorn and nachos are, people, as it is, don’t really buy anything from us and prefer to drink even water from the sinks and purifiers, rather than shelling a bomb for mineral water. So we’re pretty indifferent about this,” a multiplex owner said.While the Aam Aadmi Party and its workers are yet to comment on the development, the BJP strongly criticized the association for such a rule. “What next? For a biopic on Arivnd Kejriwal, will theaters have seats with raita spilled on them?” BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra thundered squealed in a press conference. Meanwhile, high drama and tension prevailed at a theater in Mumbai after NCP supremo Sharad Pawar fainted while watching the movie, having not been provided with water. “Only once?” asked a smiling Anna Hazare, on hearing the news.