Political theater and gaslighting being what it is, one poll from the Benson Strategy Group for the Clinton Foundation may just be a $100 dragged through a trailer park, but it is compelling none the less.  See, contrary to what the professional pollsters with all the “scientific methods” are telling us, according to data in a seven page report labeled “Do Not Distribute, Do Not Copy” Donald Trump is leading Hillary Clinton 77% to 19%.  Any way a reader looks at it, those are landslide numbers.From the Executive Summary:Interviews with 2,021 adult Americans conducted by telephone by BSG on October 10-13, 2016. The margin of sampling error for results based on the total sample is plus or minus 2 percentage points. The sample uses a LVS based on voting history (65%), self-attestation (12%), social-media data mining (10%), demographic / socio-economic class (18%). This sample includes 1101 interviews among landline respondents and 920 interviews among cell phone respondents.NO SKEWS OR NARRATIVE SCREENS WERE EMPLOYEDThat means, that unlike the “scientific polls,” this one is not weighted or tilted one way or another to give a predetermined result.  Quite the contrary.  The data sample is larger and includes both landlines and mobile.  Official polls generally only use land lines.  The simple results in this poll are:62% of people are claiming to be voting for Trump and their minds are made up – and that number has momentum, something else the people at Benson Strategy Group noted.At this point Donald Trump has both momentum and enthusiasm. Distrust in the mainstream media is blunting the impact of the collective polling narrative. As Election Day approaches, Hillary Clinton’s favorable ratings have crashed to historic lows (12%) in nonpartisans and Donald Trump is consolidating support (97% of LV Republican-identifying respondents are either enthusiastic or very enthusiastic about voting for Trump).Also of note:Among independents, Hillary voters who are exposed to any alternative media (73%) are aware of the WikiLeaks emails and find them either disturbing (54%) or deeply disturbing (18%). Among liberal-identifying whites, support is shifting from Hillary (-27 since October 1st) to Donald Trump (78%) or Jill Stein (21%).As for what to do come election day should Hillary need a little help, these operations are NOT RECOMMENDED:Yes, it seems the Project Vertias warnings were not out of line.For the full report, follow this link before it disappears.  Hopefully, the anonymous source survives.Like all things politics, this could be a red herring, or it could be why We the People are being gaslighted with no end in sight.H/T – daisyluther.com (as of this writing, the page disappeared)