Tomi Lahren Schools Americas Journalist: Tomi Lahren says “Thank goodness for WikiLeaks, because these sorry excuses for ‘journalism’ in the mainstream are enough to make us all turn off the television.” She asks a rhetorical question to Democrats about whether they want to win fair and square, in what sounds like a rare moment of naiveté for her. Of course she knows that Democrats don’t care how they win. They’ll do anything to win, a lesson comrade Sanders learned the hard way. They’re cheating in every way imaginable to win at this very moment.After noting her biggest supporters, which includes the propagandists in prominent positions, and how they used longtime Clinton insider George Stephanopoulos, for one, as a mouthpiece.She notes that Trump’s victory in the second debate didn’t happen as far as the coverage in the propaganda outlets is concerned. She notes the double standard in all the hair-pulling and hand-wringing of the media as they bleat incessantly about the Trump video, yet they refuse to acknowledge the Clinton sexual improprieties and assaults, the blood on Clinton’s hands for four Americans she killed in Benghazi, her destruction of evidence in the deletion of 33,000 emails after having received a subpoena, or the racketeering at the pay to play Clinton Foundation.Lahren says Trump was right, that it was three on one at the debate and asks, “How does it feel that he beat all of you?” Lahren takes exception to the inevitable claims that Trump was too aggressive with the evil troll, saying, “Well if the moderators had asked her about Benghazi we wouldn’t have to. If the moderators would ask her why she deleted 33,000 emails we wouldn’t have to. If the moderators would ask her why she laughed about getting a rapist off the hook he wouldn’t have to. If the moderators would ask her about her repeated lies he wouldn’t have to. If the moderators would ask her about pimping out the State Department for her foundation, he wouldn’t have to. Are you getting the pattern here?”She adds, “When Ken Bone does a better job of asking questions than seasoned, high paid television ‘journalists,’ you know how little you can trust their motivations. At one point Donald asked Hillary why, with all of her riches, she doesn’t fund a portion of her campaign. Well, Don, it’s easy, why spend her own money when she’s been selling influence for thirty years?”Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.