Now it’s official. If you don’t admire emperor Obama’s new clothes, his “Air, Dir, and Water Nazi,” Gina McCarthy, has decided you no longer are worthy of her time. According to her the discussion is finished, her side won, the fairy tale is real and those who insist on living in the real world, alarmism deniers, have now ceased to exist. Her boss, Hussein Obama has empowered the little witch through his own declaration that the “science” is settled.The EPA troll announced in a Facebook interview with Mashable on Tuesday, that she’s done talking to “climate deniers,” displaying the typical open-mindedness that is so characteristic of the global government shills.In falsely presenting her case as being grounded in reason,  McCarthy said, “If they haven’t figured out by now, what in God’s name could anyone say to them?” Conversely, one could ask the same questions of the dirt worshipers.She continued, “I don’t check out flat Earth society and I’m not talking to climate deniers. That’s it. Sorry, I know I’m supposed to be for everybody, but my patience has worn thin over eight years.”Actually, McCarthy, nobody has ever accused an EPA chief of being for anybody other than the Democrat NWO, so don’t worry your manly little head over it. Nobody has ever gotten a straight or honest answer from this manipulative subversive either, though she’s had eight years of non-stop attacks on the American people and our nation in which to offer one. We’re paying tax dollars to be dictated to, demeaned and have our country destroyed in the name of complete and utter lies, nonsense, idiocy and corruption. She thinks she’s lost her patience?She attempts to defend her agency’s war on coal, and the economic disasters that they have inflicted upon ordinary Americans. Although it’s something that Hussein Obama announced prior to his taking the office he now holds, McCarthy said, “This is not something that happened over the past administration.” While the Bush and Clinton administrations were no friends of the American people, to say that the damage has not increased exponentially under her and Obama would be a false statement on par with equating erosion with the the mythical rising sea levels.The Daily Caller notes that in a June 2015 speech, McCarthy stated that, “normal people,” not global warming skeptics, would win the climate debate. Of course normal people and global warming skeptics are one in the same. In fairness to McCarthy, she probably only associates herself with other Democrats and complicit establishment Republicans. It’s hard to recognize a normal person when all you have is EPA sycophants as your points of reference.In that speech she also stated, “I am doing that not to push back on climate deniers. (the normal folks) You can have fun doing that if you want, but I’ve batted my head against the wall too many times and if the science already hasn’t changed their mind it never will.”The evidence of that “head batting” has been manifesting itself with increased frequency in the policies of the regime since they first hit town, in 2009. We’re starting to have concerns for the walls under a constant barrage of such thick-headedness.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.