In a daredevil operation, Mumbai Police has evacuated Times Now building where a few panelists were trapped for the past several years and were subjected to inhuman torture. The operation lasted for an hour, and it was carried out only after the editor-in-chief Arnab Goswami formally resigned and left the premise.Human rights activists have long been highlighting the atrocities carried out inside the office at 9 PM every night and expressing concern about the safety of the panelists, but the police were avoiding a direct face off with the editor-in-chief.Once a brave cop tried to enter the office last year but was apprehended by Mr. Goswami who pulled him inside the news room, screaming, “Let’s play debate-debate game,” and forced him to respond to a statement made by the commissioner of police he was working under. The incident transformed his life completely. He quit his job as a cop and devoted his life to the nation, fighting corruption, questioning the system, and reforming society… on Twitter. Legend has it that at 9 PM every night, he becomes a ghost and retweets every tweet shared with the hashtag provided by Times Now.Since then, no other policeman could muster up the courage to enter the premise in Mr. Goswami’s presence and they were waiting for this day when they could rescue the panelists without having to explain anyone why they exist on earth. And the day finally arrived last night.Happiness and freedom wafted in the air as the panelists reunited with their family members outside Times Now’s office.We spoke to one of the panelists and asked him, “How does it feel to be free again?”“Is it really happening?” his eyes sparkled in joy as he replied, but he quickly regained his composure and continued in a hushed tone, “Oh, I am sorry.”“No, it’s ok. You can smile,” we reassured him.“Really! Can I smile again?”“Yes, you can. Now tell us about your experience inside.”“Can I complete a sentence, like a full sentence without anyone stopping me in between and interpreting my half statement the way he wants?”“No, no one is going to stop you. Please share your thoughts.”He choked as he tried to speak. Words escaped him as he looked over his shoulder at Times Now’s building with harrowing memories flashing through his mind, a scenario reminiscent of the concluding part of a science fiction movie where the hero takes stock of the carnage wrecked by the dinosaur throughout the movie.As we bade goodbye to him, we noticed thousands of visitors coming in to have a glimpse of the office. There were birds chirping happily on top of the building without anyone interrupting them. There were people walking fearlessly on the roads. There were liberals contemplating on celebrating 1st November as independence day while standing alarmingly close to the office building. The dark days were clearly behind us, although there are unconfirmed reports that he might start his own venture, i.e., he might pop up on your television screen soon in a bigger and more sadistic avatar, and in all likelihood with a hand pump in his hand this time.