“The Clinton’s are criminals, remember that, they are criminals,” were the words that brought cheers and chants of “lock her up” as Donald Trump addressed the huge crowd gathered to hear him speak Thursday in West Palm Beach, FL. This was one of the best speeches of this campaign.Trump said at the 1:15 point, early in his speech, “There is nothing that the political establishment will not do, no lie that they won’t tell, to hold their prestige and power at your expense, and that’s what’s been happening. The Washington establishment and the financial and media corporations that fund them, exist for only one reason, to protect and enrich itself.”“The establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this election,” he said. “As an example, just one single trade deal they’d like to pass involves trillions of dollars, controlled by many countries, corporations and lobbyists. For those who control the levers of power in Washington and for the global special interests, they partner with these people that don’t have your good in mind.”“Our campaign represents a true existential threat like they haven’t seen before.” Mr. Trump points out, “This is not simply another four year election. This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not we the people reclaim control over our government.”He tells his supporters that the same people who are trying so desperately to derail his campaign are the same ones responsible for the problems that plague us, all of them brought about by their criminality and conflicts of interest, actions which have “bled our country dry.”At about the 5:00 minute mark he notes how the Clinton machine is at the center of the global system and how the Clintons meet in secret to plot the destruction of US sovereignty. He’s not exaggerating. Globalization is the elimination of borders and that means the death of our nation.At the 8:15 point he says, “The corporate media in our country is no longer involved in journalism. They are a political special interest, no different than any lobbyist or other financial entity with a total political agenda. And the agenda is not for you, it’s for themselves.”At the 8:50 mark he points out that this is war and the fascist establishment power bloc will do anything that is required for them to win. He makes some very powerful comments about this being our last chance to save our nation, on November 8th. Forget your brainwashing since your youth, America. Mr. Trump has some truths he’s laying down and they require action.The whole speech is quite good and worth a listen.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.