The establishment “A” team, A-Hole leaders of the “nevertrump” conspiracy to sabotage America’s future for the sake of their own profit and power, are making their move. Whether the “Billy Bush and The Bus Bimbo” tape was  dug up by the Clinton campaign or by the Bush family and the rest of their fellow uniparty fascists is irrelevant. Whether ¿Jeb? expressed his congratulatory “attaboy amigo” to cousin Billy for a job well-done or it was Obama in direct conversations thanking Jeff Bezos of the Washington Post doesn’t really matter. The lines are clearly drawn. They are all on one side and we Americans are on the other.Theirs is the side of the establishment two-party mirage that is pillaging and destroying America as the vitality is sucked out and our greatness as a nation is robbed from us. Ours is the side of the American people standing behind our human, and therefore flawed, leader. Donald Trump is the only man who can and is willing to lead us out of the morass into which these self-serving traitors, the so-called government, have put us.Our United States government no longer exists. A criminal syndicate with the ability to fund itself through confiscated wealth and the power to impose its will through the state has taken its place. We Americans have had enough of the charade; we’re not fooled. The illusion of the two party, left-right paradigm is well known, Republicans and Democrats are tools of the same elites. This is not even a government any longer. It is an oppressive, exploitative criminal organization.Paul Ryan is a traitorous political whore put into power by the elites as their operative in a negotiated deal. The so-called “Freedom Caucus” of the House was at best naively persuaded to “trust him” because he spoke to them rather than down at them and made them feel important. It’s not unlike the embarrassing ecstasy liberal Sally Field experienced when she suddenly realized that the members of the Motion Picture Academy really liked her. How liked do you foolish boys feel now? Some are probably quite pleased with themselves and their traitorous leader, Paul Ryan, being of the same sleazy stock.The entire state of Utah, it seems, is in the grips of a power-mad Mormon cartel that is a strong faction of the establishment kleptocracy. Is there some sort of underhanded fulfillment of Joseph Smith’s prophecy at play here, a role Ted Cruz was supposed to be playing? Most Mormons are great people, but their Church does exercise tremendous influence and they are, apparently quite willing to abuse their firm grip on power and their control. Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT) was the orchestrator of the TPP, the international arrangement that cedes US sovereignty to the globalist regional government. Former governor Jon Huntsman, who is also a former Ambassador to China under Hussein Obama and a GOP globalist candidate for president in 2012 is helping to spearhead that betrayal.Huntsman’s puppy dog, Senator Mike Lee, whom he threatened with a primary challenge if he didn’t obey orders prior to his last election, Utah Gov. Gary Herbert and Paul Ryan’s number one leg-humper, Rep. Jason Chaffetz, have all joined in one last-ditch effort to have Mr. Trump kicked off of the ticket. What’s going on in Utah? How can a state built by Mormons, who have a history of polygamy and the forced marriage of young girls against their will to much older men, have suddenly found themselves occupants of a holier-than-thou moral high ground? Have they all self-righteously qualified themselves to throw the fist stone?Then there’s their demi-god, Mitt Romney, the voice of the neverTrump movement. It should more accurately be called the anti-America or neverAmerica movement, because Trump represents us and our future and they are targeting the nation through him. A failure to elect Donald Trump will complete the transformation of our nation from a country that is governed by the people to one that is governed by corporate fascists. We’re almost there now but there’s just a few more finishing touches that Hillary Clinton needs to add to make it official.Calls for Mike Pence to step in like a modern day Gerald Ford are just a way for the establishment types to offer an acceptable, palatable replacement for Trump. He’s one that most Republicans, they falsely believe, would  accept as an alternative, and “the guy we should have picked in the first place.” Nobody wanted Gerald Ford after they ran Nixon off and we don’t want Mike Pence as an imitation Donald Trump.We chose Trump, whether the “neverAmerica” crowd likes it or is willing to accept him or not. That’s who we intend to have as our president, imperfect as he is. Once again, through his imperfections, Trump has shown he’s just like us, he’s a regular American; he’s real.The establishment would be comfortable with a candidate who was slinking around in Chicago bath houses with other men or in Miami bubble bath hot tubs. They’d be keeping those things hush-hush because they would cement their power. Trump can’t be blackmailed and he may even have known these revelations would be coming out. They may have tried to coerce him into quitting prior to their release but he would have no part of it.Trump is not a quitter and we’re not quitting on him or on our nation. We’re not going to surrender the United States to the forces of the evil establishment. The fight is on. Unlike the regime we have no problem identifying and vocalizing our enemy. It’s Hillary Clinton, the Democrats, the Republican establishment and the globalist, anti-American oligarchs.As Rowdy Roddy Piper announced to a bank full of thinly disguised globalists in the classic scene from the movie They Live, “I have come here to chew bubble gum and kick ass. And I’m all out of bubble gum.” We Americans also find ourselves to be fresh out of bubble gum. Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.