Robert and Rebekah Mercer are mega-donors who are recognized as two of the most influential figures associated with the Trump campaign. They were previously also backing Ted Cruz although his less-than-gracious refusal to endorse Mr. Trump at the Republican convention may have ended that relationship forever. There are financial consequences for significant violations of their code of conduct. Some had feared the video of eleven years ago might have met that threshold.Mr. Mercer and his daughter did not become billionaires by being ignorant or by being poor judges of character. They have a talent that is unique among those of considerable means; an ability to recognize what this country truly needs and a willingness to look with insight beyond the pandering and fulfillment of short term self-interest.They recognize that Donald Trump is the solution to what ails this nation and were not persuaded by the many cowards, frauds, establishment hacks and political harlots who are serving their masters and covering their own disingenuous backsides by attacking or severing ties with the Republican nominee.On Friday the Mercers issued the following statement through the Washington Post, the paper which initially broke the anti-Trump video in service to their mistress, Hillary Clinton.“If Mr. Trump had told Billy Bush, whoever that is, earlier this year that he was for open borders, open trade, and executive actions in pursuit of gun control, we would certainly be rethinking our support for him. If he had admitted to Mr. Bush that he had profited privately by allowing the sale to Russia of 20% of US uranium deposits or that he had amassed his personal fortune not by hard work in the private sector but by selling favors to foreigners on the American taxpayers’ dime, we would certainly be rethinking our support for him. If he had argued that he needed both a public and a private position on issues facing the American public, we would certainly be rethinking our support for him. And finally if Trump had serially terrorized and silenced the victims of violent sexual assault whom he feared could damage his political career, we would most definitely be rethinking our support for him.“Donald Trump’s uncensored comments, both old and new, have been echoed and dissected in the media repeatedly in an effort to kindle among his supporters a conflagration of outrage commensurate with the media’s own faux outrage. Can anyone really be surprised that Mr. Trump could have said to Mr. Bush such things as he has already admitted saying? No. We are completely indifferent to Mr. Trump’s locker room braggadocio.“The same media that resolutely looked away when the most powerful man in the world, a sitting U.S. president with multiple violent sexual assaults to his credit, snared an impressionable young intern in his web and ruined her life, now expects us to gasp with revulsion at Mr. Trump’s irreverent comments. America is finally fed up and disgusted with its political elite. Trump is channeling this disgust and those among the political elite who quake before the boom box of media blather do not appreciate the apocalyptic choice that America faces on November 8th. We have a country to save and there is only one person who can save it. We, and Americans across the country and around the world, stand steadfastly behind Donald J. Trump.”Are you getting the message Paul Ryan and the rest of you cheap political tarts? Your days are numbered. Your spectacle is not having the desired results and may, in fact, be in the process of blowing up in your face.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.