Trump: The age old battle between good and evil is continuing in the US election to determine the next, and perhaps the last, president of our once great nation. If Hillary Clinton is elected, regardless of the specifics of how the events play out, she will likely be the last American president, at least in this incarnation of America.The subordination of the United States to international authority is at the top of their agenda and they will use force if given the opportunity to subjugate or attempt to subjugate the American people. If Donald Trump is elected, that hot war is just beginning, but we live to fight another day and our nation has a chance at survival.The gloves are off and it is becoming increasingly clear that Donald Trump knows the true nature of the enemy. He’s now saying so in his rallies. Many of his attendees are patriots who have been aware of the globalist intrusions as they occurred; many likely understood the threat before he did. Now we’re all coming together as one combined fighting force, the liberators of our nation from the world government kleptocrats who have seized power.On Tuesday night Mr. Trump made several references to the true nature of the “evil empire” the establishment anti-American forces which occupy many high positions in both parties, which he has now declared war upon. Rep Paul Ryan has been identified by Mr. Trump as the face of the evil empire, a distinction he shares with Hillary Clinton.He told a crowd of approximately 8,000 people in Panama City Beach, FL that Hillary Clinton is full of “so much corruption.” He repeated his declaration of Sunday’s debate that he would be obligated to order a criminal probe into her corruption, both during and following her State Department tenure.Trump said, “We have to investigate Hillary Clinton, and we have to investigate the investigation! She was a disaster and she’s a bad person. Remember that. She’s a bad, bad person.”Over half of Mr. Trump’s nearly hour long speech was composed of new material, much of it content that originated in WikiLeaks documents. The latest are the emails of Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta who is also a fat cat lobbyist and former senior adviser to Hussein Obama.Mr. Trump understands the plotting against the American people, the treason engaged in by the Obama White House, Hillary Clinton, Jeh Johnson, John Kerry and Valerie Jarrett. He understands and is vocalizing the reality that they are attacking this nation with the specific objective of destroying it.Trump said of his opponent, “Speaking in secret to a foreign bank, again just revealed, Hillary said ‘My dream is a hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders.’ Well, there goes the rest of your businesses. And there goes your country, folks.”He added, “Behind closed doors when she thought no one was listening, she pledged to dissolve the borders of the United States of America. No borders! If you don’t have borders, we don’t have a country.”“WikiLeaks has given us a window into the secret corridors of government power,” Trump said, “where we see a former secretary of state announcing her desire to end forever the American independence that our founders gave to us and wanted us to have. American soldiers have fought and died to win and keep America’s freedom, and now Hillary Clinton wants to surrender that freedom to these open borders, open trade, and a world government.”He noted, “We’re protecting the borders of foreign countries, but not our borders. These WikiLeaks emails confirm what those of us here today have known all along: Hillary Clinton is the vessel of a corrupt globalist establishment that’s raiding our country and surrendering the sovereignty of our nation.”He added, “This criminal government cartel doesn’t recognize borders but believes in global governance, unlimited immigration and rule by corporations.’Mr. Trump understands that America is under siege, that the attempted conquest of our nation from within started at least in the first Bush administration and likely long before that, and has been being implemented progressively ever since. It has continued through both Democrat and Republican administrations, with the pace quickening significantly under the current Obama regime.We’re in a war, at least we have found a leader who is willing to take off the shackles and fight back. It’s a fight for our futures, for our families, for our nation and for good over evil, that we all need to join him in.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.