Unhinged Hillary Clinton’s cackle sometimes seems to serve as a mask for who she really is. For her anything that can hide any aspect of the Clinton composite is surely a benefit. Sometimes the real Clinton slips out, she can’t control herself very well and there are those occasions when cameras are turned on and she’s less than diplomatic. This was on of those situations and may serve as an eye-opener into what kind of abusive person she really is. There is not shortage of horror stories from former and current Secret Service agents who’ve had the misfortune to have worked her detail. Confidentiality agreements have helped her out lately in keeping her true nature hidden from the public.Clinton demonstrated just how much of a witch, and how sensitive she is about not being given her full due of adoration, by snapping off the head of a Congolese student during a question and answer session in 2009. He probably thought he’d crafted a really good, liberal-compliant question that was contained enough irrelevant academia-based drivel to make him a superstar back on campus. Instead, he was made to look like an idiot by the evil woman he had misjudged based upon his limited knowledge of who and what she was. If he’d known more he probably would likely have never wasted his time coming to see her.In the aftermath of Clinton’s vicious attack, the State Department attempted to explain her outburst as the result of the questioner’s nervousness. Baloney. What got under her skin was the questioner asking her to provide her husband’s views rather than her own. He said, “What does Mr. Clinton think through the mouth of Mrs. Clinton?”Her building anger is visible on her face at what she takes as a slight to her abilities and status as a manipulative unqualified female. She worked hard manipulating herself into a position she has no business holding and she doesn’t appreciate someone being more interested in the former president’s opinion that hers.Unhinged Hillary was seething as she asked for clarification, saying, “Wait, you want me to tell you what my husband thinks? My husband is not the Secretary of State, I am.” She followed that statement up with a stare, a scornful admonition, and a “take that and stuff it” sort of hand flip.She added in an extremely arrogant manner, “You ask my opinion I will tell you my opinion, I’m not going to be channeling my husband.” The look that kills was unleashed a few moments later. This woman is described by virtually anyone who has had the misfortune to have worked closely with her as a witch, notorious for consistently having these demeaning, hateful outbursts. Combined with her criminality and her treason, it’s difficult to understand why anyone on this earth would support her for any office. Women voters should be repulsed at the thought of being represented by something like this.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.