It seems to be PM Modi’s signature style. He will often stay silent for a prolonged period of time, absorbing criticism, ridicule and even abuse from opponents and sympathisers, and then suddenly, seemingly like a bolt from the blue, he will do something that trolls the pants off his critics. Yesterday was one such day when PM Modi once again proved to media houses that his is the prime time show with the highest TRPs when he announced via an address to the nation that his government is abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes, effective midnight.Even as black money hoarders writhed and squirmed, PM Modi rubbed it in with his version of English.For a while after the address, there were no reactions from PM Modi’s political opponents, mostly because many of them were scrambling to get rid of their cash by midnight. The means they adopted followed from their respective intellectual abilities. Some did this……while others decided to take advantage of the fact that government hospitals will continue to accept 500/1000 rupee notes for another three daysWe thought we’d give people an option, but it remains to be seen how many fell for it…Some unfortunate souls, however, were short on options.While Arnab Goswami predictably raved about the move, veteran journalist Rajdeep Sardesai equally predictably was busy looking for a contrarian voice……and eventually found one in Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha who inexplicably brought up Panama papers like he inexplicably brings up 2002 in every debate concerning Modi. Back on Times Now, Saba Naqvi tried to evoke pathos by talking about the poor housewife or domestic help who will be inconvenienced, only to be promptly trounced by the nation’s noise.NDTV would normally have featured an interview with finance minister Arun Jaitley, and he was willing too, but…Meanwhile, down in Mumbai, residents heard a string of loud FMLs and curses from a posh residence near Mafatlal Park. When the man inside was done cursing, he picked up the phone to talk to PM Modi:At least for those in India this was just one blow. For some across the border, this was PM Modi’s second surgical strike.While Modi was trolling others, a beggar decided to troll a specific politician…When he was done trolling everyone in the real world, PM Modi trolled some in the unreal world too…When all the tamasha was done and dusted, a satisfied PM Modi caught up with BJP President Amit Shah to get a cup of tea. An awestruck Amit Shah who probably hadn’t been told about the move in advance either, asked PM Modi what his plans were…