Virat Kohli is consistently in his top form and like other successful cricketers, he too doesn’t believe in revealing his secrets.Virat hasn’t also been really open about his personal life, be it his relationship with Anushka or his superstitious beliefs.  But nothing can be kept hidden from Faking News for a long time. Indian captain Virat Kohli was caught thanking Controversial Guru Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh Insan over phone on Thursday soon after he hit a brilliant century in 4th ODI against Sri Lanka. Virat, who has been avoiding questions on  photo of him with Gurmeet Ram Rahim that’s going viral on the internet, was caught red handed by Faking News correspondent in Colombo. After hitting century when Virat returned to the dressing room our correspondent, who was hiding under his bed, noticed him thanking someone for his knock. Virat on phone call said, “Thank you Papaji, ae tuaada aashirvaad hi haiga je asi Sri Lanka da bhut banaun di aa, love you Papaji! You are a rockstar!”  (Thank you Father (or father like) it’s only because of your grace I could play this innings and India defeated Sri Lanka comfortably) Our correspondent confirmed the identity of person as Baba Gurmeet Ram Rahim since Virat used the words such as Rockstar and Love you Papaji, that are popular names of Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh. Baba Gurmeet Ram Rahim had already claimed to be the coach of players with the likes of Virat Kohli and Ashish Nehra. Though Virat Kohli never reacted to this claim by Gurmeet but he neither denied it. Meanwhile after Ashish Nehra failed to perform, Baba’s supporters cropped out Nehra from the picture and re-circulated it. To know the complete story Faking News reporter spoke to Virat Kohli’s manager Aniruddh who clarified, “Virat was talking to his uncle, father’s elder brother, whom he fondly calls bade papaji, he often thanks him for supporting him in his bad times”. Aniruddh left the conversation when our reporter asked him about the word “Rockstar” that Virat Kohli had used in his conversation. People across social media picked up the news and made their own stories and suggestions. One of the twitter users said “Gurmeet Ram Rahim should also give advices to Ishant Sharma”, to which Dera Saccha Sauda’s official handle replied “Even Papaji can’t help him”. This phone call by Virat is not a thing to worry as long as he keeps hitting such brilliant centuries and makes us win. But sooner or later Virat Kohli will be questioned for taking tips from a rape convict. At the same time government must be held accountable for Ram Rahim having access to mobile phone even in jail.