Watch CNN: On Monday night Donald Trump held a rally in Wilkes-Barre, PA at the Mohegan Sun Arena. As he was critiquing the moderating at the 3 on 1 event in which he debated Hillary Clinton while fending off the two moderators, the crowd showed their solidarity with Mr. Trump and expressed their sincere feelings about the offending network.This wasn’t the typical Tupperware party or crappy, boring, “can’t give the damn things away, my publisher’s taking it in the shorts” book-signing sized groups of people like those that wander into or are paid to fill seats at Hillary Clinton events. This was a real crowd of close to ten thousand people, the kind Donald Trump draws everywhere he goes.The patriotic Trump supporters were none-too-pleased by the abusive treatment the American people’s choice for president was subjected to during the debate and they made it known. Trump told the crowd, “I’m telling you, they are so dishonest. Without the media, Hillary Clinton couldn’t be elected dog catcher.” He added, “CNN is a disgrace.” Dogs have a natural fear of ogres so Clinton has no chance of keeping a dog catcher position even if she were able to be elected.The Trump supporters agreed that CNN was horrible and made it known with chants of CNN Sucks. CNN could have avoided the situation and avoided the negative impact associated with their reputation being in the urinal by simply being objective journalists but that’s not going to happen. They don’t operate that way. Trump pointed out as the crowd was wrapping up their CNN appreciation cheer that the cameraman had turned his camera off while they were being addressed.The crowd also responded when Mr. Trump mentioned that some of the WikiLeaks emails now indicate that something could have been done at Benghazi, long the contention of those on the ground. The crowd responded with more boos and another chant, this one the familiar “Lock Her Up.”There’s a major difference between the number of supporters attending Trump rallies and those of the Democrat criminal candidate. The enthusiasm level and the identification with their candidate is markedly different as well. You’d almost think the claims that the race is tied are a complete fabrication. Supporters shout “CNN sucks” during @realDonaldTrump rally in PA @BreitbartNews pic.twitter.com/B7fimaFDlA— Alex Swoyer, esq. (@ASwoyer) October 11, 2016Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.