Have you seen the National Enquirer today?  Me neither.  At least not yet.  But the cover story for the day is all about a man who, over the years, has been a “fixer” for the Clintons, a writer for the National Enquirer, and, it turns out a ghost writer for Tom Clancy.  His name is Jeff Rovin, and on Tuesday night, he went public on Sean Hannity’s prime time Fox News show to explain a few things.First off, Rovin does not like the term “fixer.” That’s not really what he saw himself doing.  As far as he was concerned, his job was to keep certain sources’ names out of the headlines.  Actors, actresses, limo drivers, food servers, maids, and more made up the network of informants. As far as this man was concerned, they were not the guilty parties.  They do not deserve to be exposed as the rocks are lifted off of the underbelly of America’s political class.Rovin also has the curious distinction of being one of the few people to say outright that politics and political reporting as we know it is a sordid business.  He claims that currently, the world of journalism is turned on its head: the National Enquirer is acting the part of the New York Times and vice versa.  Not only that, but the National Enquirer vets its stories well beyond what the mainstream media does.During this interview, Sean Hannity is his usual self, and most viewers want to take him by the lapels and say, “LET THE MAN ANSWER!”  However, the information that Rovin provides and the web of people at the top of the food chain who know each others’ secrets and keep their mouths shut in public is most curious.  Enjoy.Must be nice to be that libertarian about sex, but that’s sort of the way things have been in the corridors of power both here and elsewhere since the beginning of civilization.  And being able to separate personal feeling from work…that’s another matter.In one way, it is refreshing to know that there are people in the American journalism field who do recognize the hypocrisy and ironies for what they are.  Mr. Rovin is one of them.  Too bad this distance, on the surface at least, gives tacit approval to the immoral nature of the subjects involved.