Now that we’re there and the American public is FINALLY voting, we are starting to see exit polls pop up as conducted by media outlets.  One such poll, Morning Consult/Politico, was released early on election day and was conducted among early voters starting October 18.  Among the 6,782 people polled, their hearts’ desire was not a great economy, or a candidate that shared their values.  Nope.  It was more simple than that.Imagine that.  After eight years of a metrosexual in the White House who made one mess on the International Stage after another whether the media reported it that way or not, the American people want a strong leader.  Go figure.Asked what characteristic is most important for the next president, 36 percent of voters say they want a “strong leader,” 29 percent want “a vision for the future,” 16 percent want someone who “cares about people like me” and another 16 percent said they want someone who “shares my values.”The percentage of voters thus far who say they want a strong leader – a characterization Donald Trump’s team made central to his campaign – is twice the percentage who said they were looking for a strong leader in the 2012 National Election Pool exit poll.Okay, the readers say, we get it.  Americans want a strong leader.  What’s the big deal?  Well, the big deal is the rest of the touchy feely questions asked of the voters.  (Are all of these media polling sorts stuck in PMS mode?)Yes, the people are angry.  This particular question was couched in the context of how one feels about the negative vibes during the course of the campaign (something that was being fed incessantly by the mainstream media itself), but not in terms of what has been done to the country as a whole by the government in the last few decades.No, that concept, how do the people feel about their economic and living situations this election year, is expressed thusly.And no one seemed to think it significant that the MOST telling stat – that fewer people polled said that their situation was BETTER today than four years ago – was the one worth touting.Voters are less enthusiastic about the country’s financial situation. More than four in 10 (44 percent) said the country’s finances are worse off today than four years ago, compared with one-third who said it’s better and one-fifth (21 percent) who said it hasn’t changed much.Again, Republicans (71 percent of whom say the country is worse off) were much more likely to take a negative view of the country’s finances than Democrats, 22 percent of whom said the same. Only a quarter (22 percent) of independents think the country’s finances are in better shape, while almost half (48 percent) said the U.S. was worse off.Note that the individual is ignored here.  Just the mood of the country is explained.But still, the idea of Americans wanting a strong leader was a shock to the people conducting the poll. After decades of masculinity attacked in the news and entertainment media, it is refreshing to see.