In a true case of journalism is the rough draft of history….On Sunday, a “state sponsor” or “state actor” hacked into the Wikileaks apparatus and cut off access from the boss to his people.  This, apparently, triggered some sort of command for a “dead man’s switch” or code or, according to Gizmodo, file hashes, to be used in such an event which was broadcast to the world via Twitter.  For people sophisticated enough in matters of code and internet speak, the links were recognized for what they were: proof that the original email files were not tampered with, and what to watch for when the email drops actually happen.“Pre-commitment” in this case is a references to a cryptographic scheme to prevent unreleased information from being tampered with. Essentially those unique codes are proof to anyone reading the documents in the future that their contents remain unchanged: alteration to the leaks will likewise alter those 64-character codes. There were three codes given with three different subject matters:AGAIN: THE FILE HASH WILL CHANGE IF THE FILES ARE TAMPERED WITH.Naturally, given the state of heightened paranoia about Assange who is hiding out in the Ecuadorian embassy in London because he’s a wanted man in almost every other western country, this was interpreted as him being dead.  After all, the rumor, thanks to emails posted online by Wikileaks from various Clinton machine staffers, is that Hillary would like to see him droned.What didn’t help, was the immediate online dialog of “worst case scenarios” and rumors on Reddit feeds that claimed there was all sorts of police at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London to seize the man which turned out not to be true.  Those rumors are persisting, though, with some even saying that United Kingdom is taking back the land, and has arrested Assange.  With no live footage of this, there is no way to know for sure from the western side of the pond.  However, one Reddit user on this thread insisted that he did witness some police activity that subsided after a short amount of time.You’d think given the amount of grief almost every western nation has been given by this man, if he was captured or killed it would be at the top of every news cast.  Word is that there is D-Notice in place in jolly old England, meaning the media cannot report on the incident if it happened.  That is not confirmed beyond commenters on online boards. Also not confirmed, is that a Wikileaks volunteer has visited Assange in the Ecuadorian Embassy and has proof of life.What IS perfectly clear from the information known to the public is that Assange and Wikileaks are slowly dribbling out very damaging information hacked, and subsequently “stolen” from Clinton operative John Podesta’s gmail account.  They claim they are saving the best for last, and there is no reason not to believe them given some of the bombshells we’ve seen so far.  With a regime operating inside the United States that seems to stop at nothing to be sure their plans are carried out – Clinton Body Count, anyone – finding a way to neutralize Assange in the cards is not implausible.What is NOT perfectly clear, is what “state actor” or “state party” did the severing.  The U.S. government, and the Clinton machine have been blaming the Russian government for all of the leaking, claiming that Wikileaks is a front for Russian intelligence.  Assange has denied this, and various bloggers who know about bouncing signals off of internet gateways claim that hacking originates elsewhere.  As of this writing, no specific “state party” has been named as the guilty entity.At this point, all we can do is sit and wait for the next shoe to drop.  With the dead man’s switch activated and the code or file hash sent to whoever is next in the chain, Wikileaks and the bombshells will go on.  It’s not like the brainiacs in Assange’s stable didn’t plan for something like this coming.