Ever wonder why you aren’t seeing any pro-Trump advertising from the Republican National Committee on television?  The answer is very simple.  There isn’t any.  And there isn’t any because the RNC made the decision to focus their efforts “downstream” claiming that television advertising is a waste of money, they are investing in the ground game, and asking the better positioned campaigns and Super-PACs to make the effort.  From Politico:In 2004, the committee spent $18.2 million on independent expenditures — or IEs, in campaign parlance — boosting George W. Bush’s reelection bid. In 2008, the RNC’s IE spending surged to $53.5 million in support of John McCain’s campaign against Barack Obama. And in 2012, the RNC spent $42.4 million on IEs boosting Mitt Romney or opposing President Obama — with nearly 80 percent of the spending occurring before mid-October.By contrast, this cycle the RNC has spent only $321,000 on independent expenditures attacking Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. And all of that spending occurred last fall — before Trump had emerged as the leader for the GOP presidential nomination.This has some pro-Trump Republicans working for the Super-PACs and in other capacities a little riled.“The Democrats have an unprecedented and lopsided advertising advantage in this race like we have never seen before, and it is having a serious and negative effect,” said Curt Anderson, a former RNC political director who is helping a pro-Trump super PAC, Rebuilding America Now. “It is possible that Trump has sealed his fate at this point, but it is still a terrible mistake not to have $50 million of advertising from the Republican Party exposing Hillary Clinton and keeping her numbers down,” said Anderson, who helped to lead the RNC’s independent expenditure effort in 2004 and 2008.Given the desperateness of the Clinton campaign tactics this week, and the reality that Trump is now up in the RIGGED polls, let alone the honest ones, that advantage might not be for much, but the end result remains to be seen.However, the people at the RNC have a point: the groups with the unlimited dollars are better positioned to spend on television advertising since the rates are lower for them.  That does not change the poor optics for the party itself when the supporting cast downstream started jumping off the presidential candidate’s ship with the first story that challenged the supposedly tenuous hold he has on women voters.  (Most of us aren’t so immature as to fall for obvious political sabotage.)So, now we know.  The Republican National Committee is really letting Trump run on his own.  Way to rally behind the candidate.