Bill Whittle debates Hillary Clinton, leading off with her statement from the first presidential debates with Donald Trump that she has put forward a plan to defeat ISIS. She could have more accurately phrased it as a plan to fix the mess she’s made, as her ideas for dealing with the Middle East in virtually any regard ultimately is.She said, “Our military is assisting in Iraq and we’re hoping within the year to be able to push ISIS out of Iraq and then really squeeze them in Syria.” Whittle responds, “Hillary, while you continue to hope to squeeze them in Syria, ISIS is busy murdering people in Paris and Brussels and Orlando and San Bernardino. And almost every week because of you innocent people are dying.He says, “They’re dying because of you. You created ISIS, you and ‘president’ Obama, because when ‘president’ Obama took office, ladies and gentlemen, back in 2009, Iraq had been stabilized and there had not been a single American killed in Iraq for five months.”“But you, as Secretary of State,” he continues, “were unable or more likely unwilling, to conclude a simple status of forces agreement with Iraq. I say unwilling, Mrs. Clinton, because we have damn near a hundred of these things with countries all around the world. However, you and the ‘president’ announced that we would be leaving the Iraqis all alone and within a very short period the defeated, scattered, rag tag remnants of what had once been AQI, al-Qaeda in Iraq, which had been defeated, utterly destroyed by American troops during the Iraq War, you let them become ISIS.”Whittle says, “And worse than that, you could have stopped them at any time. But you and the ‘president’ didn’t because you couldn’t face the political humiliation of putting boots back on the ground in Iraq after you took credit for pulling them out. And they grew and they grew and they grew, because you created them, by not leaving troops in Iraq.”“It’s not such a bad idea, Mrs. Clinton,” Whittle reminds her, “we’ve had US troops stationed in Europe for sixty years. And we’ve had troops stationed in Korea for a little over fifty years. And you refused to do it for five.”He moves on to her adventurism in Libya, saying, “You launched an unauthorized war in Libya. You armed and have had American aircraft fly air cover for al-Qaeda. You may remember al-Qaeda from your appearance fifteen years ago in lower New York.”Whittle says, “Oh, and your husband, by the way, had at least one chance to kill Osama bin Laden before the attack but he declined on the advice of White House lawyers. I think we’ve had enough lawyers in the White House for a while.”He can’t help pointing out the toy she gave the Russian Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, a reset button on which they translated the word “reset” incorrectly. It’s just another embarrassing failure from the regime that has made that their legacy.He points out that if Clinton is given the chance, “the same catastrophes would start to occur right here at home.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.