Now it’s REALLY official. 2016 is the most extraordinary election year ever. Not only are the candidates an unindicted criminal and an American who has actually done something in his life, but alternative media led by the secrets publishing Wikileaks, is driving the news narratives.One of the great mysteries of it all – where did WikiLeaks get all those emails that are so damaging to the Democrats – has been a matter of great speculation.  The Democrats themselves are blaming Russia.  Many people believed that Seth Rich was a source given the way he died.  (He may have been for all we know.)  There is evidence that for the John Podesta stash, anyway, a phishing link sent via Georgetown University was used.  According to one intelligence insider, none of this is accurate.Steve Pieczenik, a former colleague of Tom Clancy and writer of intricate spy novels given his background in the intelligence community now claims that the entire WikiLeaks effort was a coup of sorts to keep the Clintons out of the White House.  It was a group effort by many patriots within the United States Government who fed information to outlets like WikiLeaks and let it be known that they were not going to allow this country to be compromised any longer.Dr. Pieczenik, a psychiatrist, explained on his blog what was behind the effort, officially known as a counter-coup since the Clintons took over the government with one through a number of side deals.As a way of counter-acting the Clinton’s silent coup of corruption, these brave men and women of the IC have released a series of emails through Julian Assange and Wiki-Leaks which underscore the Clintons’ massive corruption attempts to take over our USG through the rigged electoral system.Usually, a military coup presents itself with soldiers in the street and tanks splayed out all over Washington DC and at other key communications points in the USA.This time around there was a new type of Counter-coup, an Info-Counter Coup using Wiki-leaks. Wikileaks disseminates the truth around the world, while at the same time making sure that the FBI Director, James Comey, opened up the Huma Abedin files with regards to national security violations….You are now witnessing a new type of American Revolution. The Clintons and Podesta initiated a silent coup to undermine the USG through corruption and co-optation of the elite political leaders. In turn, they were met by the by the silent counter-coup of our civilian/military Intelligence community. In the age of the internet, brave American warriors are everywhere. They monitor any internal/external attempts to undermine this great republic.Yes.  It looks like the FBI director succumbed to internal pressure.  It also seems that the mysterious disappearance of Michelle Obama’s Twitter feed was part of it.  How many other efforts by citizen journalists were part of the effort is another story.To add to his extraordinary blog post, Dr. Pieczenik put up a video on YouTube that has been picked up by Drudge and Alex Jones.If this is true, then Donald Trump’s claims that the system is rigged is an understatement.  Dr. P is essentially saying that the election was going to be stolen, and the patriots inside the government aren’t going to let that happen. They are revealing the corruption of the Clintons for all to see.The veracity of this claim is a little fantastic to believe, but there it is.  WikiLeaks seems to be getting information from inside the U.S. Government.  If that thought had not crossed many a mind, it would be dismissed by now.