WikiLeaks : While the specific numbers vary between polls and the way the question is asked, most Americans want more, not less enforcement of our immigration laws and borders, with a majority wanting less immigration of any kind, legal or illegal. According to the Pew Research Center, 83% of Americans want levels frozen where they are or reduced.Hillary Clinton couldn’t care less. She represents an extension and a compounding of the current abuse of power, in service to the special interests that are working to destroy our nation. One of those she serves in that regard is Goldman Sachs. She attempted to hide her speeches to that infamous banking institution, knowing full well that she was violating the wishes of the American people. As is often the case, Clinton failed, WikiLeaks got their hands on them and on Friday, released them to the world. They vividly illustrate just how little regard she has for the American people.In pressing for open borders, or “immigration reform” as it is referenced in Democrat code speak, She told executives at Goldman Sachs that Americans who want to limit immigration are “fundamentally un-American” in a speech given three years ago, in October of 2013.She said, “Immigration reform is so important,” as she demanded that Congress “get immigration reform done.” In this context she was referring to the gang of eight legislation of open borders RINOs McCain, Flake, Rubio and Graham.As noted by Breitbart, provisions of that bill included immediate amnesty and eventual citizenship to millions of illegal aliens, a doubling of the annual admission of foreign workers, and the dispensation of 33 million green cards to foreign nationals in the span of a single decade despite current record immigration levels. That figure alone represents a ten percent jump in the population of the United States.WikiLeaks revealed that Clinton thinks we patriots are not only deplorable and unredeemable, in Clinton’s increasingly bugged-out eyes, we’re obstructionists as well. She told the gathered bankers, “What I really resent most about the obstructionists is they have such a narrow view of America. They see America in a way that is no longer reflective of the reality of who we are. They’re against immigration for reasons that have to do with the past, not the future. They can’t figure out how to invest in the future, so they cut everything. You know, laying off, you know, young researchers, closing labs instead of saying, we’re better at this than anybody in the world, that’s where our money should go. They just have a backward-looking view of America. And they play on people’s fears, not on people’s hopes, and they have to be rejected. I don’t care what they call themselves. I don’t care where they’re from. They have to be rejected because they are fundamentally un-American.”She went on to further cheapen and demean our American citizenship and heritage, saying that we’re just an idea that anyone can have, that being “American” is not a national identity, but rather is “an intellectual invention.”She distorted the very definition of citizenship, saying, “American was an invention. It was an intellectual invention, and we have done pretty well for all these years. And these people want to just undermine that very profound sense of who we are. And we can’t let them do that. So it’s not just about politics or partisanship. It really goes to the heart of what it means to be American.”Maybe whatever destructive forces first led her to develop her liberal enlightened intellectualism have finally completely eaten away the remnants of her brain. America is not an intellectual invention anymore than Canada, Australia, Germany, Great Britain or even China or Russia are. We’re a nation. She’s attempting to smooth-talk her treachery to a point that isn’t a direct assault on our Constitution and treasonous. Failure awaits her at every turn.America is us, it’s our nation, it’s who we are. We do not exist for the pleasure or enrichment either the elite parasites within or their counterparts among the invading rabble. Mrs. Clinton is the one who is fundamentally and irrefutably, un-American.Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.