Twenty Y-category security guards, who have been assigned to protect Times Now editor-in-chief Arnab Goswami after an Intelligence Bureau analysis report suggested that he might be targeted by Pakistani terrorists, have now themselves requested for protection from the boisterous anchor, after watching an episode of The Newshour.“We’ve successfully protected various VIPs from threats and attacks and what not, but this is totally something else. We just happened to see The Newshour for the first time yesterday and we were all shell-shocked. What the hell was that?! We’ve faced artillery fire, shelling and what not, but we’ve never, ever, ever, ever seen something like this until now. After seeing the episode, I wasn’t alone. All my 19 companions felt equally compelled to request Home Minister Rajnathji for security for our own selves, from incurring the wrath of Arnabji,” NSG commando Major Vijai Shukla told The UnReal Times, “if this request isn’t heeded to soon, we’ll have no other option but to tweet to Sushma Swaraj.”While the Home Ministry is yet to respond to their request, rival parties like the Aam Aadmi Party have rushed to their support. “The AAP is holely with the securitey forces on this. Not just them, everyone needs the protection from the Arnab !!! Even the Mogu and Chhotu wail in pain when I play the Newshour on the TV! Will the Modi answer !!” tweeted AAP spokesperson, The Ashutosh. The former IBN7 journalist’s tweet was promptly retweeted by Bollywood director Anurag Kashyap.The Congress party had a rather mixed response to the issue. “It is absolutely true that the security forces should be protected from Arnab Goswami. There’s absolutely no reason why he, of all people, should be provided secu…hey wait a minute, I’m sorry. Arnab actually deserves 100% security. By calling out the lies of parties like the Congress everyday, he’s doing the nation a yeoman service,” said (still) Congress leader Rita Bahuguna Joshi.Goswami himself, however, was seen addressing the commandos. “You see, Mr. Security. You have got me all wrong. WHO THE HELL TOLD YOU THAT I WILL RAISE MY VOICE ON YOU?!” the anchor thundered.No sooner had Major Shukla attempted a reply, than Arnab shot back, “DO NOT INTERRUPT ME, MR. SECURITY! THE NATION IS ASKING YOU A DIRECT QUESTION – WHO THE HELL TOLD YOU THAT I WILL RAISE MY VOICE ON YOU?! ANSWER THE QUESTION, MR. SECURITY! DO NOT DODGE THE NATION’S QUESTION,”The puzzled commandos did see some hope at the end of the day, with BJP MP Dr. Subramanian Swamy promising to take up their case with the Supreme Court. “I will go to court and get them the security they need. If that doesn’t happen, I myself am enough to deal with Arnab. Try me, YOU LIAR!” the Harvard economist exclaimed.