Tammy Bruce noticed something about the debate that was missed by most, the fact that Hillary Clinton gave Donald Trump something that cannot be theorized or merely talked about. It’s something that has to be demonstrated and he came through with flying colors. Mr. Trump showed how well he handles pressure.The stakes couldn’t have been higher from a political point of view but the newcomer to the political environment handled the situation like a seasoned professional. That cannot be communicated to the voters through any method other than seeing it firsthand. And all of those who tuned in on Sunday night saw exactly that.She said of Trump, “People saw Armageddon for the last 48 hours and they were wondering would he at least survive. He not only survived, he prevailed. This is a test of leadership. This is what the Clinton campaign gave him, effectively, was showing the American people that he can be under massive attack from all sides, be able to deal with it, adapt, change and then be steady, be focused on the issues.”Bruce said, “And that’s a test of leadership that you can’t speak about or tell people about. You have to show it and he showed it last night. That’s the theme that resonates with everyone. Women, independents, undecideds. It’s leadership at a time of crisis.”Varney raises Tammy Bruce’s history as the president of the NOW chapter in Los Angeles, asking, “How did you respond to Trump’s video tape?” She replied, “Look, clearly it’s awful. As feminists we want men to be better than that, we ask them to be better than that, and he said his campaign is making him a better man. That’s what we can ask of everyone really. Every day each one of us tries to be a better person.”“In the meantime, though,” she says, “and this is also the uniqueness of the timing, there are so many existential issues because of the failure of liberal leadership, it is the time when a man like Trump and what his solutions are prevail and really eclipse the nature of comments that he made.”.@HeyTammyBruce: “people saw Armageddon for the last 48 hours. Not only did [@realDonaldTrump] survive, he prevailed” #debate pic.twitter.com/nO0XniCoQ4— Varney & Co. (@Varneyco) October 10, 2016Please like Rick on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/RickRWells/ and at Stop The Takeover, https://www.facebook.com/StopTheTakeover/ and please follow on Twitter @RickRWells I’d also appreciate it if you SUBSCRIBE in the right sidebar on my website at http://RickWells.us.