 Here is the letter in it’s entirety:Below is a picture that I have only shared with our close friends and family. It’s highly personal to Joe and I and not something I take lightly. It’s one of the only images of our sweet girl that I will have until we reach heaven. This is why I share it with you now…I wasn’t going to add to all the chatter littering my news feed about this presidential election. But after Wednesday night’s debate and moving through these last few days, desperately missing my babies that were lost either by miscarriage or stillbirth, NOT by my choosing…I can’t help but pen these words. Please hear me friends…both candidates are liars. Both are “nasty” in their own way. Neither one lines up completely with my Christian values. Neither one hits all the issues the way I would like. I have truly *struggled* the last few months on who I was going to vote for, IF I was going to vote. With each new story that would break, each new accusation or headline, each new scandal that would surface…all of it left me disgusted and hopeless. Could this really be all we’ve got?!But then, something happened within the first few minutes of Wednesday night’s debate, and I haven’t been able to shake it. For the first time in over a year, I watched and heard Donald Trump be sympathetic, dare I say, convicted even, of what he was saying. When he said (concerning abortion), “that’s not okay with me” and “that’s not acceptable”, and that he would appoint Pro-Life, Supreme Court Justices…that was it. As a Christian, my choice was clear. While all of these other issues do indeed matter…nothing matters nearly as much as protecting the sanctity of human life. Not job security, not tax cuts, not education or health care, not border control or immigration laws, not inappropriate comments or deleted emails. All of it PALES in comparison to the taking of innocent, human life. I realized in that moment how selfish I had been by being SO concerned with all of the other issues. Friends, if we’re not protecting the sanctity of human life, we have NOTHING LEFT. And just so we’re clear, yes, I have been sexually assaulted by a man, and yes, I have been on the receiving end of inappropriate comments, almost my entire life. And still, my position remains the same…everything else pales in comparison to the taking of innocent, human life. As a Christian, I don’t see where there is any other choice. So, I will indeed be casting my vote on November 8th. And I will be voting for Donald Trump…if for no other reason than to protect the sanctity of human life. As a woman, as a mother, as a Christian, this is where I unapologetically stand.After 5 months of pregnancy, we lost Gabrielle without warning. I share this image with you because it could just as easily be the image of SO many other babies that Hillary Clinton thinks it’s okay to rip apart, piece by precious piece. Gabrielle was small, but even at 20 weeks, she had all ten fingers, all ten toes, she had a beautiful face with a nose, lips, eyes, and ears…she even had a cute little bum. She was loved and she was wanted. Unfortunately, she couldn’t be saved. But thousands more, just like her, can be…just not under a Clinton presidency. Hillary Clinton would probably call this post “scare rhetoric”…so be it. The idea of dismembering a human child SHOULD be scary. It should terrify us all that this kind of barbaric act is protected, even encouraged and applauded, by our United States government. It should be terrifying enough to vote Pro-Life, no matter where you stand on any other issue.Psalm 139:15-16, “My frame was not hidden from you when I was made in the secret place, when I was woven together in the depths of the earth. Your eyes saw my unformed body; all the days ordained for me were written in your book before one of them came to be”.