SRINAGAR: A day after six terrorists were gunned down in the Valley, security forces on Sunday said that the year-long counter-insurgency operation has resulted in a remarkable change in the security situation in the region. Addressing the media in a joint press conference, 15 Corps Commander Lt Gen JS Sandhu said, "We have killed about 190 terrorists as on date, in 2017. Out of these 190, 80 are local terrorists and 110 foreign. Out of these 110, 66 terrorists were killed near the LoC while infiltrating." We have killed about 190 terrorists as on date, in 2017. Out of these 190, 80 are local terrorists and 110 foreign.... https://t.co/Khvwd7mEsK — ANI (@ANI) 1511080912000 "Approximately 125-130 terrorists killed this year belonged to the hinterland of Kashmir Valley, resulting in a remarkable change in the situation in the region," he added. Thanking the coordinated effort of the Indian Army, CRPF, Jammu and Kashmir police and the intelligence agency, J&K DGP SP Vaid said that the Valley needs to be free from gun violence and drugs for peace to prevail in the region. Kashmir valley needs to be free from violence, terror, guns and drugs. Commendable joint effort by our agencies, ja... https://t.co/710jRVXHQh — ANI (@ANI) 1511081851000 The officer also commended the efforts of the security forces to successfully persuade young local boys who had joined terrorist organizations to return. Giving the example of Majid Arshid Khan, a young footballer from Anantnag who quit Lashkar, the officer said that the security forces have achieved substantial success in rehabilitating young local boys who had joined terror camps. Khan who had joined terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba walked into a security camp with his arms and ammunition and surrendered on Sunday. The local terrorists must realize that it is easy to call yourself a Mujahid. But are you a Mujahid, or just a prox... https://t.co/jrO8KMOKqQ — ANI (@ANI) 1511082684000 Urging the youth who have joined terrorirst organizations to return home, Sandhu said, "Come back to the mainstream, this will facilitate the return of peace to the valley. We are ready to receive them in an honourable manner." Sandhu also urged the local youth to not fall into Pakistan's trap and asked, "The local terrorists must realize that it is easy to call yourself a Mujahid. But are you a Mujahid, or just a proxy for Pakistan?" On the question of Islamic State claiming the responsibility of Zakura encounter in Srinagar, Vaid said, "It is yet to be verified, I don't think ISIS has any imprints here." In Video: Bandipora encounter is a huge setback for LeT in north Kashmir: J&K DGP Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.