NEW DELHI: Almost one in every three toilets built in rural areas are unsafe on health and sanitation parameters, a sample survey on the technologies under the Swachh Bharat Mission has shown. It has also found that nearly 60% of these toilets are twin-leach pits, which the government has been promoting under Swachh Bharat Mission considering that these are safer. The survey by WaterAid, an international non-profit- published last month-covered 1,024 built and under-construction toilets. The report titled 'Quality and Sustainability of Toilets' also says that about 36% of the built toilets it surveyed will need upgradation in the next couple of years either because they were single-leach pit toilets or because they were twin pit toilets without the minimum distance required between pits. The rapid assessment of toilets was carried out across 16 districts in eight states in March. The survey results have been uploaded online. Though this is a small sample, it suggests reasons why there is a greater need to build safer and sustainable toilets. "Almost a third (31%) of the 776 constructed toilets surveyed, despite being functional, were unsafe as they failed to guarantee the prevention of human contact with faecal matter. This includes toilets without a trap (the curved pipe that captures water to prevent contact with faeces) and those suspected of contaminating water sources," it said. The report added that doubts are primarily centred around leach pits, when located in water logged areas, as well as where vertical distance to water table or horizontal distance to drinking water points is not respected. "Overall, over two-thirds (69%) of the constructed toilets were deemed safe," it said. It added that 30% of the toilets constructed were deemed user-friendly, which had a solid wall and a roof, a door with latch, ventilation, natural light and water. Less than a quarter of households reported that the initiative to build toilets was their own, instead it came from the panchayat representative . Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.