In a bid to enlarge its base by recruiting 51 lakh new members in a countrywide push "to fight three core issues of gau raksha, Ram Mandir and love jihad", Bajrang Dal began a massive induction drive on Sunday. Speaking with TOI, organisation's national convenor Manoj Verma, who was in Bongaigaon district of Assam on Sunday, claimed they had recruited three lakh new members on the very first day in five states. "In Assam 32,000 people joined us as active members. The highest number of 1.77 lakh recruitments in a single day was made in Madhya Pradesh. In Rajasthan, 20,000 and in communally sensitive west UP, 16,000 new members have been added," Verma claimed. He said the recruitment drive usually is launched every three years. However, this time, the drive was taking place after a gap of seven years. On being asked if Bajrang Dal was going to recruit members from all the seven northeast states or only from Assam where BJP has formed a government for the first time, Verma said, "We have set a target for the entire northeast except Mizoram. However, we will launch an induction drive over there also. Today (Monday), I am in Hojai where 1,500 new members had joined us till 2 pm," he claimed. In the southern states, more than 17,000 people had joined Bajrang Dal the on the first day of the membership drive, Verma claimed. "Except Tamil Nadu, where only 1,200 members turned up on the first day, we got a good response in Telangana with 11,000 people signing up, in Kerala 3,000 and more than 2,000 in Andhra Pradesh. Report from Karnataka is yet to come," he added. Meanwhile, convenor of Meerut 'prant', which covers 16 districts, Balraj Dungar, told TOI, "As many as 5,000 new members have joined us in Bulandshahr and 20,000 in Moradabad. We are focusing on rural areas to increase our reach to every village panchayat. Our drive will continue till Shaurya Divas (December 6)." Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.