Suggesting test-takers how to tackle an exam is always a tricky business and when it comes to CAT it’s an even more formidable task. Before getting into the analysis of errors to avoid during CAT 2017 based on relevant data it is imperative to understand the objective of aptitude and ability tests. These tests are designed to assess one’s logical reasoning or thinking performance.CAT is strictly timed and as a typical exam, it tests one’s ability to perform under pressure, observation skills and decision-making.First thing first: As soon as the test starts one should leaf through the entire question paper and divide it into easy, moderate and difficult categories of questions. After this jump to the easiest question in which one is very comfortable. This will not merely fetch marks for those particular questions rather it will help in boosting the confidence for the entire test. Read | CAT 2017: Toppers share last weeks’ preparation tips, click hereBias: It has been observed that students go for the questions for a particular chapter based on his or her special liking for the area. The interesting part is that sometimes these questions are deliberately asked only to trap students, they spend a lot of time on this and mostly come out exhausted and short of time. After analysing the way how test takers devote time on different question, it evinces that so many easy questions remain untouched even though they are extremely easy. Contrary to common belief that they are from so-called difficult chapter!Easy to solve easy to comprehend: One more interesting fact comes out from our analysis is that student go by the length of the question and jugglery of the language. For example, if length of the question is very short it will get priority over so called lengthy question and same applies for language of the question. One shouldn’t have stuck if the language of the question is not very lucid what happens actually is these questions can be solved merely by the data given in between lines. So one shouldn’t keep niggling on the words of the question or other language jugglery.Never pre-fix a target especially in terms of number of questions: 
Try to segregate the doable questions as per your strength and weakness. Try to attempt as many questions after shortlisting the questions to optimise speed and accuracy. One should not forget that there is no any co-relation between percentage and percentile scores.Accuracy dips at last minutes: After analysing the order in which question is attempted and corresponding probability of its correctness it evince that first few questions are having higher probability of correctness. As everything remains same it comes to a student’s psychology. What happens is he or she loses concentration when the test draws towards end.Do not lose hope after the first section. You may outperform all others in the remaining two. At the same time, do not carry the failure of the previous question/section. Neither be too excited nor too dejected. Remain focused for a clinical performance.