The Union Ministry of Finance has turned down the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation’s revised budget demand for Rs 925 crore by pointing out that the urban local body should generate its own revenue rather than asking for additional funds.The move will affect many development projects of the city which were approved by the general house. Estimates were ready as the MC is already going into deep financial crisis. A senior officer of the UT Administration said, “We have conveyed the ministry decision to the MC Commissioner.”The financial position of the MC is so bad that they have been using fixed deposits to pay salaries. Every year, MC has to pay Rs 360 crore as salaries while the revenue from its own sources is just Rs 150 crore. The fixed deposits, which amounted to Rs 500 crore six years ago, have come down to around Rs 180 crore now.In February this year, in its budget meet, the MC had approved the budget of Rs 1,005 crore. Chief Accounts Officer Uma Shankar Sharma said that they had been given only Rs 269 crore, an amount which is not even sufficient to pay salaries, what to talk of development works. Following this, they asked for a revised budget of Rs 925 crore.Municipal Commissioner Jitender Yadav told Chandigarh Newsline the projected budget amount included the revenue and capital budget. “We have been getting less grants in the last five years. They are almost frozen. Salaries have to be paid. Fixed deposits have reduced,” he said.The estimate of road recarpeting in the city has been prepared for around Rs 35 crore while that of footpaths with PCC tiles has already been approved for Rs 20 crore.Construction work of several new community centres and renovation of existing ones for about Rs 20 crore is already on while a grid sub-station of 66KV had to be set up again for Rs 20 crore. The MC had identified dark spots in city green belts and streets where they have to carry out the street lighting work of Rs 20 crore. Estimates of open gyms in green belts and the maintenance is for about Rs 10 crore and the same amount is required for renovation of first three floors of the Municipal Corporation building in Sector 17.To increase its revenue, the general house in its meeting in March had approved the hike in parking rates but till now the new rates have not been implemented. The MC has been claiming that the company managing the parking lots is yet to bring in smart parking facilities because of which new rates are not being implemented. Sources said that the BJP-led Municipal Corporation has deferred the hike in rates till the mayoral polls which are scheduled to be held after two months.Rs 179 crore