BEIJING: China said on Monday that it "firmly opposes" President Ram Nath Kovind's weekend visit to Arunachal Pradesh. "China has never acknowledged so-called Arunachal Pradesh and China's position on the border issue is consistent and clear," Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said in reply to a question from the Chinese media at the ministry's regular briefing. In a statement meant to address the Indian media, the ministry said, "China and India are in the process of settling the issue through negotiation and consultations. We seek a fair, reasonable solution acceptable to all." China claims ownership of Arunachal Pradesh describing it as Southern Tibet. It had earlier objected to the Dalai Lama's visit to the state. But it is only of late that it has started opposing visits by elected Indian officials including defence minister Nirmala Sitharaman and now the President. Lu said that India-China relations are "in a crucial moment". China "hopes the Indian side can refrain from complicating the border situation and create favourable conditions for sound and steady development of bilateral relations". India and China had their first border consultation after the Doklam stand-off last week. Chinese foreign ministry said the talks were "in the fundamental interest of both countries to maintain the healthy and stable development of China-India relations and is also the common expectation of both the region and the international community". "In the next stage," the ministry said, "the two sides will continue to implement the important consensus reached by the leaders of the two countries, maintain high-level exchanges and enhance strategic mutual trust, properly handle differences, and promote the further development of Sino-Indian relations." President Kovind spoke at the Arunachal assembly on Sunday saying "diversity was the country's strength" and said the state was "the jewel in the crown" in the Northeast. Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.