NEW DELHI: The free world's leader is not very popular in India. As per a survey conducted by American fact tank Pew Research Center, only 40 per cent of Indians surveyed, approved of US President Donald Trump, down 34 per cent points from 2015 and Barack Obama. Interestingly, this is still better than the average approval ratings for Trump in Europe and Japan, said Bruce Stokes, Director, Pew Global Economic Attitudes at Pew Research Center. Stokes, who led the survey conducted in February-March 2017, said, "Overall, there is a decline in support for the United States and the US President since 2015, but it's still higher than the average in other European countries or Japan. That is very interesting." For instance, when asked, 28 per cent Indians felt that Donald Trump was "dangerous". This is much less than the average of over 60 per cent in some of the other countries surveyed. On being asked if Donald Trump is "arrogant", more than 70 percent in counties in Europe or Japan agreed. In India, the number was 26 per cent. In India though, 41 per cent believe that Trump is well qualified to be the US president. Also, 32 perc ent of those surveyed approves of Trump's policies, while 25 per cent backed Trump's decision to build a wall between the US and Mexico. 27 per cent also supported US' decision to withdraw from the nuclear weapons agreement. A much higher number of respondents - 37 per cent - approved of the US president's decision to introduce tighter restrictions for those coming from some Muslim-majority countries. On being asked, what could be the reason for the apparent tolerance for Trump, Stokes said one of the factors was that many of those surveyed had no opinion on India's relations with the international community. "One third or more of those surveyed expressed no opinions about other countries or PM Narendra Modi's handling of relations with prominent players on the world stage," explained Stokes. However, amongst those who did have an opinion, the more tolerant attitude could be because both countries have a conservative government in place, added Stokes. "But the difference is interesting because it shows how the US or President Trump is perceived in India, and comparing it to his ratings elsewhere is intriguing," said Stokes. Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.