AHMEDABAD: The Congress conceded the demand of Hardik Patel-led Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS) and replaced two candidates to end the logjam with the quota warrior. In all, three PAAS nominees found their way into the Congress list Congress-PAAS talks had hit a roadblock late on Sunday, reportedly due to the exclusion of Surat diamantaire and BJP rebel Dhiru Gajera from the first list of 77 candidates announced by the chief opposition party. Cornered by protests from PAAS, the Congress on Monday replaced Praful Togadia with Gajera from the Patel-dominated Varchcha constituency of the diamond city. The other two PAAS nominees on the Congress list were Saurastra convener Lalit Vasoya from Dhoraji and Ashok Jirawala from Kamrej. Congress had earlier fielded Nilesh Kumbani from Kamrej seat in Surat. All through Monday, both Congress and PAAS leaders maintained a studied silence even as PAAS leader Hardik Patel remained largely incommunicado but for his emotional tweets urging his aides to remain united at least out of respect for Patel 'martyrs'. Sources said PAAS pressed hard for the inclusion of Gajera, who has been supporting the quota stir. Gajera is the younger brother of Vasant Gajera, one of the trustees of Khodaldham in Rajkot's Kagvad -- an influential and revered religious center of Leuva Patidars. Congress, however, gave the mandate to Praful 'Pappan' Togadia, nephew of VHP leader Pravin Togadia, who has a long association with Congress. This triggered turbulence among PAAS", said top PAAS and Congress sources. Late on Sunday night, Patidar leaders had come to blows with Congress workers in Surat, while a furious co-convener of PAAS, Dinesh Bhambania, knocked on Gujarat Congress chief Bharatsinh Solanki's house in vain. Finally, Congress agreed to renominate candidates on some seats including Varachcha, even as its list of remaining 12 candidates for the first phase of polls on December 9 was awaited, to buy peace with PAAS. Congress, however, knocked out another PAAS leader, Amit Thummar, who was earlier given the ticket from Junagadh, to be replaced by Bhikhabhai Joshi. On being quizzed if there could be changes in the first list of 77 candidates declared earlier, Gujarat Congress chief Bharatsinh Solanki said, "The talks have concluded on a positive note." Earlier, there was a buzz that the Congress may give telephonic mandate to candidates in order to avoid dissidence. Congress had, in 2012, given telephonic mandate to seven candidates to file nomination on disputed seats a few hours before filing nomination was to end in order to avoid ruckus by dissidents. Gajera, a former BJP MLA who had unsuccessfully contested polls from Varachcha in 2007 as an independent and later in 2012 as a Congress candidate confirmed he wished to fight. "I can win from any seat including Katargam and Varaccha. I have heard that the party is revising its list to include my name," Gajera had told TOI earlier in the day. Dharmik Malviya, Surat PAAS Convener, who had come to blows with Congress workers on Sunday night said, "Dhirubhai is the best candidate for the Varachha seat as he has a huge following. So we wanted the Congress to replace Togadia with him." Also, Nilesh Kumbani was replaced by textile trader and PAAS supporter Ashok Jirawla. "Both Gajera and Jirawala were continuously supporting our quota movement as they also have a huge public support in the respective areas," said Malviya. Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.