NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader P Chidambaram on Sunday dismissed Gujarat's development model and said that the state has actually regressed since BJP came to power in the state, 22 years ago. The Congress leader substantiated his argument by comparing the development figures of the state against four other states— Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Maharashtra— of similar size. 8. The table tells the story of Gujarat and how, despite the boasts, Gujarat is not ahead of four comparable state... https://t.co/UfVx2HsIOd — P. Chidambaram (@PChidambaram_IN) 1511063649000 Recalling that Narendra Modi came to power in 2014 on the promise of bringing development "to the centre of political discourse," the leader said that a sense of "all-round disappointment prevails" even after 42 months of the government. 1. Mr Narendra Modi, the candidate, claimed to bring development to the centre of the political debate in 2014 with... https://t.co/kTYsJjHDaI — P. Chidambaram (@PChidambaram_IN) 1511063540000 In 2014, the National Democratic Alliance led by Narendra Modi, had won an overwhelming majority in the 16th Lok Sabha polls to form the largest majority government since 1984. Attributing the state's economic success to its people, the leader argued that the state enjoyed higher than national growth average even before 1995 (when BJP came to power). 5. Even before 1995, Gujarat's growth rate was higher than the national average and Gujarat has maintained that edg... https://t.co/ND3ezN4fdf — P. Chidambaram (@PChidambaram_IN) 1511063600000 He also questioned the inclusiveness of the state government's economic development initiatives. 9. As a result of a distorted concept of development or vikas, many sections of the people have been left behind. — P. Chidambaram (@PChidambaram_IN) 1511063664000 He also said that the upcoming election in the state promises to be a contest between economic/social reality and headline-grabbing announcements, and, poor human development indicators and billion dollar investment proposals. 10. The election in Gujarat promises to be a contest of many hues: Economic/Social Reality vs Headline Grabbing An... https://t.co/jKUDcNdo8i — P. Chidambaram (@PChidambaram_IN) 1511063720000 Earlier this month, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh too questioned the BJP's claim of development in the western Indian state. While campaigning for the Congress party at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Memorial auditorium, Singh had said, "While across India, the title deeds to the forest dwellers and tribal have been disposed of at the rate of 87 per cent, Gujarat lagged behind with a poor 44 per cent. On every social indicator like infant mortality rate, maternal mortality rate, female literacy, Gujarat has fallen behind the best performing states like Himachal, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, and Karnataka." On the numerous agitations among the youth of different sections of society in Gujarat, Singh said, "The winds of change are blowing in Gujarat. The agitations are an indication of the deep dissatisfaction with the performance of successive BJP governments in Gujarat. The Congress will ensure the voice of every Gujarati, regardless of caste, creed, gender or class will be heard." Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.