AROUND 11.45 every night, ‘Kumar Anna’ pulls in on a bicycle next to Inorbit Mall in Goregaon, three large steel cans and a stack of paper cups hanging from the handlebars. In the shadows of the mall, under a streetlight, he props up his bicycle, sets up his idli-wada shop and waits for business to begin. He has been doing this almost every night for 14 years now and that has earned him a string of loyal customers.By 12.15 am, a crowd gathers around him. “I didn’t always sell idlis and wadas. For almost a decade, I hawked coffee at night. But always at night,” said Kumar, who refuses to be identified by his actual name. “The idea to sell at night came out of desperation,” he added.When he moved from Tirunelveli to Mumbai in 1994 looking for a job, he couldn’t find one. Kumar started to borrow utensils from a tea vendor at night and making coffee. He would sell the coffee at night and return the utensils in the morning. “Near the footpaths in Marve where I stayed, I met a tea vendor who shut his shop by 10pm. That’s when the idea struck and eventually, I realised there was a demand for food and tea at night,” he said.“I am aware it is illegal to hawk at night. But people work round-the-clock in the city and need to eat. As long as I am careful about my business, I can manage,” Kumar said.Today, Kumar has a dedicated workspace where a team of two prepares idlis, wadas, sambhar and chutneys.
On a good day, he sells food to almost 200 customers between 12 midnight and 3 am. “There are a bunch of call centres in the area that work late in the night. So, there are customers every day. But business is better on weekends,” said Kumar.Apart from call centre employees, he has a few regular customers from the garbage collection unit of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC). An employee of the BMC’s solid waste management department said: “For those of us on the night shift, there is hardly any option as most food outlets are shut. When we are hungry, we drop by Kumar Anna’s idli shop. He has always maintained his quality and it is affordable.”A plate of idlis or wadas costs Rs 35 and tea and coffee are priced at Rs 15.