NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday allowed Karti Chidambaram to go to United Kingdom from December 1 to 10 to get his daughter admitted to Cambridge University but directed him to give an undertaking that he would return to face probe in a pay-off case registered against him by the CBI. Chidambaram was barred from leaving the country as CBI had issued 'Look Out Circular' against him on June 16. He had since been fighting a legal battle against the investigative agency. Although the Madras HC had stayed the LOC, the order was overruled by the apex court. The CBI has alleged that Karti had received commission in irregular FIPB approval for foreign investment to INX Media in 2007, when his father P Chidambaram was the Union finance minister. As Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta, appearing for the CBI, said that Karti could be allowed to go abroad for few days, a bench of Chief Justice Dipak Mishra and Justices A M Khanwilkar permitted him to leave the country. "Keeping in view the note submitted by Additional Solicitor General wherein he has expressed that he has taken instructions for allowing Karti P Chidambaram to leave the country on certain terms and conditions, it is directed that he is permitted to go to United Kingdom for the purpose of admitting his daughter during December 1 to December 10 and he shall file an affidavit with regard to grant or non-grant of admission after his return before this court," the bench said. "Additionally, he shall file an undertaking within three days indicating his flight details and that he will come back by December 10. Needless to say, if the undertaking is not complied with, he shall face such consequences as may be deemed fit and proper," the bench said, making it clear that Karti will have to face contempt proceedings he fails to return. The bench, after perusing CBI's confidential probe report against Karti, had said that he could be allowed to go abroad for few days and had sought response from the agency which had expressed apprehension that he might try to tamper with the evidences and might not come back if allowed to go abroad. In Video: SC allows Karti Chidambaram to visit UK, imposes conditions Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.