A rarity is on the cards on the fourth day of the first Test between India and Sri Lanka. After a demolition show in Sri Lanka in the three Tests, India are going to concede first innings lead and the islanders would deserve every bit of it. The credit, largely, goes to Lahiru Thirimanne and Angelo Mathews who struck defiant fifties on the third day to put together 99 runs and take Sri Lanka towards a deficit of just 7 runs. At early stumps, due to fading light, Sri Lanka stood at 165/4 – without the duo – and still looking reasonably comfortable. Indian seamers, like their Sri Lankan counterparts, achieved plenty of lateral movement from the word go and are expected to get the same on Sunday. Get live cricket score and updates from India vs Sri Lanka on 1st Test Day 4 from Eden Gardens in Kolkata.Live cricket score and updates, India vs Sri Lanka, 1st Test Day 4: 1011 hrs IST: Dilruwan is given out lbw off Shami (who else?). Walks back and then turns to review. Fair delivery, no bat involved. Struck on the back pad and the impact is outside. Marginally outside. Strangely enough, Dilruwan looked at the side of the Sri Lankan dressing room before reviewing. Not clear if he received any help like Steve Smith did back when Australia toured India in the infamous “brain fade” episode. Anway, Sri Lanka are 209/70958 hrs IST: Mohammed Shami is in complete control control now. Getting the ball to move as per his command and finding the right line and length. Gets the thin outside edge from the Sri Lankan skipper Chandimal’s bat and it carries for a simple catch back to Saha. Sri Lanka are 201/70953 hrs IST: Shanaka is given out lbw off Bhuvneshwar Kumar. But he goes upstairs for a review. No shot offered. Pitching outside off and going on to hit the top of the stump. It is umpire’s decision and that’s OUT! Sri Lanka are 201/60948 hrs IST: GONE! There’s the outside edge. Some deserved reward for Shami for splendid bowling yesterday and today so far. Sticks to his line and length and gets the thick edge which goes flying to Kohli at first slip. Sri Lanka are 200/50947 hrs IST: Dickwella punches one past point with width on offer and spanks a four. Brings up Sri Lanka’s 200. The very next ball, Shami reduces the width and almost gets the edge!0929 hrs IST: Sri Lanka take the lead. Dickwella with a boundary to level the scores and then a single to take the lead. This is the first time Sri Lanka have taken lead over India in eight Tests. Last time they did was back in 2010!0915 hrs IST: Players are out in the middle for fourth day’s play from Eden Gardens. Sri Lanka need to bat strongly in this opening session to build on their advantage. Dickwella and Chandimal in the middle. Bhuvneshwar and Shami to operate together. 0910 hrs IST: An update that Cheteshwar Pujara touched base upon last evening: “Mohammed Shami does not have an injury. He sustained a cramp late in the day and is expected to play tomorrow.” So that is good news if India are indeed pushed by Lanka today0905 hrs IST: The team has formed a huddle as start nears.The huddle talk ahead of Day 4 #INDvSL pic.twitter.com/BIOBzkvx83— BCCI (@BCCI) November 19, 20170900 hrs IST: PITCH REPORT COURTESY SUNIL GAVASKAR AND SIMON DOULL: It was very green on Day 1. Now it’s nice and brown, should be great for batting. India will hope that if they can get a couple of quick wickets, they can restrict the Lankans. If Sri Lanka get through that, they will make hay here