The Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmulan Samiti (MANS) has filed complaints against a programme held at the PWD Ground in New Sangvi, between November 10 and 12. According to the MANS, speakers at the programme, ‘Deliverance Festival in Pune’, allegedly cheated people by “making unscientific and false claims about curing serious illnesses, such as heart diseases and cancer, by offering prayers”.A poster on the programme, among several put up across the city, purportedly stated ‘come and be delivered from sin, sickness, curses, and bindings of evil spirits’, and mentioned contact numbers of the ‘United Christian Fellowship, Pune’.On Friday, MANS officials held meetings with Pune Police Commissioner Rashmi Shukla and Deputy Commissioner of Police, Cyber Cell, Sudhir Hiremath. They demanded that an offence be registered in connection with this programme under sections of the Maharashtra Prevention and Eradication of Human Sacrifice and other Inhuman, Evil and Aghori Practices and Black Magic Act, 2013, and also under sections of the Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisements) Act, 1954.The matter was brought to the notice of the MANS by Jaywant Jadhav, Anand Raichur and Rahul Bangonde, who claim to be members of pro-Hindutva groups. Nandini Jadhav, district president of MANS, said, “Jaywant Jadhav, a local resident, had filed a complaint with MANS about the programme on the PWD ground. We verified the facts and found that false claims, which spread superstition, were made by the speakers. So, we filed a complaint with the Sangvi police station on November 12. But no offence was lodged… so we filed complaints with the police commissioner and DCP, Cyber Cell… no action has been taken by the Sangvi police station… a proper inquiry should be conducted and an offence should be registered…”.“Videos of the programmes on PWD ground were posted on YouTube in three parts. We submitted all three YouTube links with our police complaint. But soon, the videos were removed from the site. This is suspicious. The Cyber Cell has assured to probe this matter,” said Jadhav.She added, “The MANS does not believe in any religious ideology. We received a complaint against an act of superstition, so we are working on it.” Jadhav, Raichur and Bangonde also accompanied the MANS activists at the Pune Police Commissionerate on Friday. “We approached the police and MANS for help in our individual capacity, and not as a part of any group…The programme was organised on the PWD Ground, which is the property of the state,” said Bangonde.