NEW DELHI: Even as BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh today banned the film Padmavati+ , Punjab's Congress CM appeared to support his stance saying he believes the protests against the movie are valid. Separately, West Bengal chief minister and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee also waded into the controversy, but she was against the protests, and called the whole situation a "super emergency" for the way it was being handled. "The Padmavati controversy is not only unfortunate but also a calculated plan of a political party to destroy the freedom to express ourselves. We condemn this super emergency. All in the film industry must come together and protest in one voice," said Banerjee. Several sections of the Rajput community believe director Sanjay Leela Bhansali has distorted history in the film which happens to be about a fictional queen called Padmini. They believe, not having seen the film, that he has disrespected this fictional queen. Meanwhile, the Punjab CM Amarinder Singh supported the protests saying, "distortions of history" won't be accepted. "Nobody will accept distortion of history and those who are protesting are rightly doing so," said Punjab CM Amarinder Singh. Interestingly, Amarinder's party colleague Shashi Tharoor was initially critical of the protests and had made some disparaging comments about former maharajas and how acquiescent they may have been toward the British. That promoted the BJP's Smriti Irani to comment on erstwhile maharajas in the Congress party, one of whom is Amarinder. "Did every maharaja surrender before the British? What will Jyotiraditya Scindia, Digvijay Singh and Amarinder Singh have to say about Shashi Tharoor's comment?" Irani tweeted. Now, Amarinder has made clear where he stands on the controversy. As for Tharoor, following backlash from certain sections of society, he did an about-face. The Congress leader defended his remarks+ , saying he didn't mean to disparage the Rajput community as a whole. "I am dismayed that some BJP supporters are claiming I attacked Rajput honour... I spoke about the Maharajahs who made their accommodations with the British. I have never made a communal comment in my life," Tharoor said in a tweet. Then, without directly referring to the furore over Padmavati, Tharoor said the ruling BJP should address the concerns of the Rajputs and respect their sentiments. "As for specific concerns of the Rajput community, people's sentiments must be respected in the interests of India's diversity and harmony. Rajput valour is part of our history and is not in question. BJP and its censors should take these concerns into account," he said in a second tweet. Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.