NEW DELHI: Viacom18, producers of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's period drama Padmavati, say they have voluntarily deferred the film's release date+ . The film was set to hit the screens on December 1. "Viacom18 Motion Pictures, the studio behind ' Padmavati ', has voluntarily deferred the release date of the film from December 1st 2017," it said in a statement on Sunday. The company emphasised its "respect and regard for the law of the land and all our institutions and statutory bodies including the Central Board of Film Certification." Read this story in Marathi A new release date will be announced once the "requisite clearances" are in place, the production house added. The period drama, starring Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh and Shahid Kapoor, has been facing massive agitation from various groups, including Shri Rajput Karni Sena, which alleged that the film distorts history and falsely portrays a relationship between Rajput queen Padmini and Muslim ruler Alauddin Khilji. Official Media Statement on @FilmPadmavati. https://t.co/dlq9TIpDow — Viacom18 (@viacom18) 1511087617000 Director Sanjay Leela Bhansali had sought to clear the air about the alleged romance between queen Padmini and Khilji, saying he was careful in depicting the "Rajput honour and dignity" in the film. The producers had also arranged a private screening of the movie and invited those concerned regarding the film's content, but the agitating Rajput outfits remained unappeased. Moreover, Censor Board chief Prasoon Joshi had slammed the makers for allowing the film to be screened before obtaining a certificate from the board. On Friday, the CBFC had sent the film back to the producer as the application for the certification was "incomplete". The Karni Sena had called for a countrywide 'bandh' on December 1 to protest the release of Padmavati. The fringe outfit had also threatened Bhansali and Padukone with physical harm for defending the film. Amidst growing protest over the film, Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje had written to the Centre on Saturday, seeking "necessary changes" in the movie before its release, so that "sentiments of any community are not hurt". (With inputs from Agencies) Read this story in Bengali In Video: ‘Padmavati’ row: Makers voluntarily defer film’s release date Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.