NEW DELHI: Congress set the ball rolling on Monday for a generational change in the party by announcing the election schedule for the post of party president, which is set to be occupied by Rahul Gandhi in the midst of the Gujarat campaign. The schedule, approved by the Congress Working Committee, fixed the date of nomination and scrutiny of candidature for December first week. If Rahul is the only aspirant to file nomination, he is likely to be declared elected on December 5. This would mean Rahul would go into the Gujarat first phase of voting on December 9 as Congress chief, a politically significant development. Rahul is spearheading the party campaign in a bid to unseat BJP in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state and his elevation further frames the tough contest as a "Modi vs Rahul" face-off. Interestingly, the election schedule announced by AICC in-charge of organisational elections Mullapally Ramachandran does not appear influenced by the Gujarat results. The process is to start with notification on December 1 and nominations can be filed till December 4. The papers will be scrutinised on December 5 while the last date of withdrawal is December 11. Voting is to be held on December 16 and results declared on December 19, though they may well be out much before. Though Rahul's elevation has been both a fait accompli and subject of feverish speculation for around two years, the election of a new Congress president is a milestone in the life of the principal opposition party. Sonia has been helming the party since 1998, a record stint at the top, beating family and Congress mascots like Indira Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru. Rahul will be the fifth member of the clan to hold the reins of Congress. For long seen as a "reluctant politician" — a reason why the Congress had to seek extension of internal elections for two successive years —Rahul finally stepping up to the plate will mark a makeover amid a tussle between the party's "old guard" and "Gen-Next". But the Gandhi scion has come a long way from the time when his rise was viewed as curtains for experienced party leaders. Possibly at its nadir in terms of popularity and strength since the 2014 defeat, Congress's change of guard comes at a tricky time for Rahul given that his elevation will coincide with polls in Gujarat and Himachal. A good outcome in the Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat polls will provide a leg up for the leader while big defeats would further depress the party mood, especially when the ruling saffron camp and the opposition parties have begun to prepare for the 2019 Lok Sabha elections. The discussion at the CWC meeting touched upon the Gujarat challenge. Saying that Rahul and other leaders were working hard for a "positive result" in the state, Sonia said, "Let us do our best to prove that people are not fooled and that they will make the right decision and defeat the present dispensation there." Rahul sounded positive on Gujarat and advised that the party keep its focus on the "development" plank and not allow BJP to change the discourse. He sought single-minded focus, like the "machhli ki aankh", a reference to Arjun in the Mahabharat. Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.