Pinning the responsibility on consumer goods companies for reduction in prices following the recent cut in GST rates, finance secretary Hasmukh Adhia on Saturday said that the companies have to ensure an immediate cut in prices across the retail chain to avoid facing anti-profiteering action by the government.“The company, which is selling products with MRP, has to ensure that its entire chain of wholesalers, retailers are informed and has to ensure that after November 15, the retailer charges MRP after taking into consideration the reduction in tax rate from 28 per cent to 18 per cent. This is very important. That’s why I again want to appeal to FMCG companies that if they want to be safe from anti-profiteering action then they have to ensure that their whole retail chain is informed…” Adhia, who also holds the charge of revenue secretary, told Doordarshan News.On restaurants raising prices even after a reduction in tax rate to 5 per cent, Adhia said that if there are genuine cases of input cost going up, they are free to increase prices, if it is permitted by competition. He said that as per the earlier GST rates of 18 per cent and 12 per cent for AC and non-AC restaurants, respectively, along with input tax credits, restaurants were told to cut prices. Though some big restaurant chains did so, there were some complaints from consumers for facing the entire burden of taxation, he added.“The complaints against restaurants were that they imposed 18 per cent on menu price. This used to disturb consumers… some restaurants had to take huge credit for inputs because they have their commercial premises on lease but 90 per cent of restaurants were such who need not take much ITC because the items used are either in nil or 5 per cent tax slab… so, 5 per cent was decided without input tax credit. So that the blame of increase in price does not come on the government.After 5 per cent tax if any restaurant wants to increase their prices because their input cost has gone up, then they are free to do it if the competition permits. Because restaurant sector is mostly covered by competition. Keeping all this in mind we have decided this (5 per cent GST rate) and I think very few anti-profiteering action will be required on restaurants,” he said.The GST Council had last week announced a cut in the rates of over 200 items, as well as a cut in the GST rate for all restaurants, barring those in starred hotels, to 5 per cent. Rates of 178 items, mostly consumer items of daily use, were reduced from the highest tax slab of 28 per cent to 18 per cent. The new GST rates came into effect from Wednesday.Adhia said that even though the consumer affairs ministry has given time till December 31 for revision in MRP, the FMCG companies should ensure an immediate lowering of prices.“Yesterday (Friday), the consumer affairs ministry has allowed price revision till December but that does not mean that they do it any time till December. Price revision has to be done in one day. Even if it takes time to out revised label, the benefit to consumers has to be given immediately,” he said. Adhia added FMCG firms should advertise revised prices in newspapers.On concerns over small businesses coming under the lens of anti-profiteering authority, he said the authority will take action only against big organised sector companies. He added, “It might have happened that their cost has gone up genuinely by 2-3 per cent, but if there is a gap of 10 per cent in price, then the consumer should get to see the reduction. Don’t want any trouble for any industry but at the same time consumers should benefit.”