NEW DELHI: The CIC has ordered the Railway Board to provide information to an applicant who was denied data as the RTI request was deemed to have been made by a "corporate body". The Commission observed that the CPIO's plea was "not maintainable", citing previous decisions where it was held that if the RTI application is signed by an individual who is a citizen of India, "then notwithstanding the capacity in which such application is filed, it shall be valid". The order came on an RTI filed by Vinay Gupta, who had sought information from the ministry of railways in December 2016 on the details of losses incurred by the Railways from 2012-16 and the steps taken by the Railways to overcome such loss. The central public information officer (CPIO) had denied the information, claiming that "corporate bodies and juristic persons cannot apply for information under the Act. It is accordingly ruled that if a person applies for information to a public authority as a representative of a corporate body, then he/she is not entitled to information under the Act." Gupta, the information commissioner Amitava Bhattacharyya observed in his order, had submitted his RTI application on a paper having the letter head of an NGO, National Human Rights Committee. Bhattacharyya said in his order, "But this cannot be construed to deny him information under the RTI Act." The order by Bhattacharyya then goes on to direct the central public information officer to provide the relevant information within 15 days of the receipt of the order, as well as send a report containing the copy of the revised reply and the date of dispatch of the same to the appellant within seven days. Bhattacharyya also cites several earlier cases where the Commission had ruled that use of letter heads doesn't disqualify the applicant from seeking information under the RTI Act. "In conclusion we direct that an application/appeal from an Association or a Partnership Firm or a Hindu undivided Family or from some other group of individuals constituted as a body or otherwise should be accepted and allowed," an order dated March 20, 2012 of the CIC had ruled. Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.