GUWAHATI: A Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice D Y Chandrachud on Monday directed chief secretaries of all states to issue advisory to all the recognized schools asking them to spread awareness against "blue whale" and other life-threatening games. The order came in response to a writ petition filed by Supreme Court advocate Sneha Kalita seeking appropriate guidelines for regulation and monitoring of virtual digital online games including 'blue whale', 'a silent house', 'a sea of whales', 'wake me up at 4:20am' etc. " The court directed+ that while issuing such advisory by the state governments, the guidelines for safe and effective use of the internet and digital technologies in schools and school busses issued by the Central Board of Secondary Education should be taken into account," Kalita told TOI. Watch: What is the Blue Whale challenge "The said guidelines require the schools to promote a safe and secure educational environment for effective teaching and learning and to discourage students from actions detrimental to themselves, their peers and the value system. Schools are, thus, advised to take the measures to pre-empt any inappropriate and illegal activity through IT-enabled devices in schools," she added. Attorney general of India, KK Venugopal, informed the court about various steps taken by the central government to investigate all cases of alleged suicides or attempted self-harming allegedly using the deadly Blue Whale challenge. Read also: The Blue Whale primer Kalita said that the attorney general informed the court that a high-level meeting of senior scientists and officials of police from various state governments held in August decided to establish a monitoring cell to keep a watch on such programmes and block the concerned sites. It has also been decided to set up a high-level committee to investigate all cases of alleged suicides or attempted suicides. Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.