NEW DELHI: At a time when security in schools is a focus area, particularly after the recent murder of seven-year-old Pradhyumn Thakur at Ryan International School in Bhondsi, the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) has written to prominent schools across the country including Kendriya Vidyalayas, DPS, Doon and Scindia offering professional security consultancy on how to make the school environment safe for children . The paramilitary force, mandated to provide security to critical installations including airports, national monuments and government buildings, has told schools it can help create "safe and secure" environment for children. The force said it could provide consultancy services for just around Rs 4 lakh while some high profile schools spend Rs 20 lakh on private players for the same job. The CISF, however, will not provide its security to schools. Schools approached in the NCR include Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, Delhi Public School Society, Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan, Springdales School Pusa Road, Salwan Education Trust, DAV College Managing Committee, Modern School Barakhamba, Tagore International, Ramjas Foundation, Sanskriti, Birla Vidya Niketan, Sardar Patel Vidyalaya, Mother's International, Shri Ram School, Ahlcon International and Apeejay Education Society. The CISF has also offered its services to Ryan Group of Schools, Mumbai; Podar Education Group in Mumbai; Doon School and Aditya Birla Managament Corporation in Dehradun; Scindia School Gwalior and Rishi Valley in Chitoor. Three reputed schools in Delhi have replied to the CISF and expressed desire to hire its services, said sources. "It is felt that in the wake of the recent unfortunate incident in one of the reputed schools in the national capital region (NCR) in which a young student lost his life, there is now a need for revisiting the security infrastructure of our schools. You will agree that a healthy and secure environment is a right of every child and schools have a major role to play in the providing the same," the CISF letter addressed to school principals read. CISF director general O P Singh said the force took the initiative as part of its responsibility towards society. "We are the best suited government agency for doing such expert security consultancies and in preparing safe environments. We need to ensure safety for school-going children," he said. The CISF has provided security consultancy to prestigious educational institutions like IITs, IIMs, NITs, Dhirubhai Ambani International School etc. Sources said CISF security consultancy, used by Infosys, Reliance, Securities and Exchange Board of India and AIIMS among others, will cost one-fourth of what is charged by some private players in this domain. Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.