NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi today tore into the Narendra Modi government for its "arrogance", for "locking the temple of democracy" and for "destroying the future of the poor", reported ANI. Her first two criticisms related to the delay in the Winter Session+ of Parliament. The Congress has said the Centre was using the upcoming state Assembly polls in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh as an excuse to avoid facing Parliament. "The Modi government in its arrogance has cast a dark shadow on India's Parliamentary democracy by sabotaging the Winter Session on flimsy grounds. It's mistaken if it thinks by locking the temple of democracy, it'll escape constitutional accountability ahead of elections," said Sonia at a meeting of the Congress Working Committee she chaired at her residence today. When referring to the Centre "destroying the future of the poor", the Congress president was talking about demonetisation and the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST). The Congress and other opposition parties have said that GST was shoddily and hastily rolled out. "The Prime Minister had the audacity to have a midnight celebration in Parliament to launch an ill-prepared and flawed GST, but today he lacks the courage to face Parliament," said Sonia. She was referring to the grand ceremony on June 30 in Parliament's Central Hall for the launch of GST. The circular-shaped Central Hall had last hosted such a function when it marked 50 years of Independence in 1997. The decision to demonetise by scrapping high-value currency notes was ill-conceived, said Sonia, adding that it "left millions of people suffering". "A year later, demonetization has done nothing but rub salt on the wounds of distressed farmers, small traders, housewives and daily workers. The fortunes of a handful are being built by destroying the future of the poor and the oppressed," said Sonia. The Congress president also said the Centre is "forcefully" trying to change the history of modern India by "erasing contributions" made by Jawaharlal Nehru and Indira Gandhi. The Congress Working Committee meeting was called today to decide on the schedule of party elections. Party vice president Rahul Gandhi's elevation is now all set, with election for the post of president+ announced for December 16 and counting of votes scheduled for December 19. The party said that notification for the post of Congress president will be issued on December 1, while nominations will have to be filed on December 4. In case there is no candidate apart from Rahul Gandhi, the Congress will announce his candidature on the last date of scrutiny, which is December 5. Rahul Gandhi is expected to be the only candidate in the fray, sources said to PTI. Read this story in Marathi Get latest news & live updates on the go on your pc with News App. Download The Times of India news app for your device.