American novelist, essayist and critic Francine Prose, who is in Mumbai to attend the Tata Literature Live!, has never shied away from taking the nuanced, if difficult, position in a debate. In 2015, she was one of the writers who objected to PEN giving the Freedom of Expression Courage Award to Charlie Hebdo, the French satirical magazine which she said “drew crude caricatures” and “mocked at religion”. More recently, she had drawn flak for an article that takes on social media activism against “cultural appropriation”. In a phone interview to Indian Express , Prose spoke about the divisions that are driving Americans apart and what, in these circumstances, gives her hopeOne of your most well-known books, ‘Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932’ fictionalises a certain period in history. How do you maintain the balance between fact and fiction in a novel?Of course, I had to do a lot of research. You have to do that even if you’re writing a novel, because you don’t want to have the sort of mistake that will throw the reader out of the novel. For example, having the Berlin Olympics happen in a different year than they did. So I wanted to get those things right. It is also one of the advantages of writing a novel that you are not constrained by certain things about history. I have no idea what the dinner before the Olympics opened was like, but I was able to imagine it. So much of the novel is also about whether different people’s version of history is accurate or not. So that was part of what I was thinking as well.In the novel, we hear from many people, including Picasso as well as Gabor Tsenyi, the fictional photographer modelled on Brassai, and Baroness Lily de Rossignol, based on Peggy Guggenheim. Why do we never hear directly from the central character, Lou Villars?Some of it was just practical. I couldn’t do it. I kept trying and it didn’t work. It just didn’t sound right. But also, one of the things I realised I was writing about was the mystery of evil. I wanted it to stay a mystery. It seemed to me to write from her point of view would necessarily diminish that mystery.Your bestselling book till date is ‘Reading like a Writer’. What prompted you to write it?Two things. One was that it became clear to me that students wanted to be writers without reading. I was once talking to graduate students in writing and they had never read Dostoevsky, and I said, how is this possible. But also, many of the chapters in that book were based on lectures I had given at various conferences so I just decided to put them together.You’ve written over 30 books so far, besides teaching and writing articles and essays. Are you a fast writer?I am now. Not fiction, really. I’m not a fast writer of fiction, but essays, especially since the election. I have been doing a lot of political journalism for the Guardian and I have been writing a lot for the New York Review of Books, and I have learnt to do those pieces fairly quickly, by necessity sometimes, because when the Guardian asks me to write, it’s about something that has just happened and they and I don’t have the luxury of my waiting two weeks to think through an idea. It’s the way things are happening now, so quickly, so I have to really respond really rapidly.In one of your articles, you called for a “general strike” against the new US government. That’s not happened, of course, but do you think there’s still resistance?I think that’s a very complicated question. The way things are, the way they have been normalised, people can’t be demonstrating on the streets every day of their lives. It’s just not possible. There’s tremendous resistance, but I think there’s also a feeling of hoping that the various investigations will turn up something and our government will finally do the right thing because of the idea that private citizens with placards on the streets will be listened to – I don’t think anyone really believes that anymore.What gives you hope for these times?I teach a literature class at Bard, and my students are so alert and so alive and so looking for some way to solve this incredible problem, the situation we are in. Honestly, the only times I feel hopeful are when I come out of class on Friday afternoons and I think that OK, it is possible that this generation will be able to deal with this.A recent study by the Pew Centre says that this is the most divided that the USA has been since the Civil War. Do you agree?It’s terrible. It’s really a terrible moment in our history. The fact that we have a government trying to increase this division rather than close it, is not helping, believe me. But there’s a terrible division. For example, when you publish an article or put something online, the comments page is just people raging at each other. No one seems to be looking for common ground or in a way. Every piece that I write for one of these papers, I manage to put in just some line saying that it’s not helpful to have this kind of anger across party lines, across cultural and social divides and no one seems to read that. They read the headline and then they start typing. There’s a lot of displacement going on. That is, people who have no idea anymore what to do about our government, and they take out their anger on soft targets.You’re not afraid to take the difficult position, like when you protested against the award for Charlie Hebdo. How do you feel now about the controversy?